UPB-Movie: American SniperRussell Union, Theater Friday, April 24, 2015 @ 7:00 pm - 9:00 pm Looking for fun on a Friday night? Join the University Programming Board for their biweekly movie series. This event is free and open to the public. Students please bring your Eagle IDs. Due to the length of this movie, American Sniper will only be shown one time tonight. My name is Amelia Beckworth. I am a Junior at Georgia Southern University studying Fashion Design, but I am much more than that and I am sure you are too. Typically, I’m the kind of person who’d imagine their life with a soundtrack and a reality TV show. I have a broad imagination, a short attention span, and a big heart. As I write, you may see I have an immense love for God, captivating art, and mind-blowing music while delighting in channeling that negative energy into improving the lack thereof. I have trust issues with people who don’t add salt to their food and say they don’t sing in the shower. Easily won over by Nutella or Twizzlers, I have a habit of being both swayed and opinionated. For the most part, I enjoy helping people relate to and inspire one another through the expression of writing. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!From Top, left to right: American Sniper, Birdman, Boyhood, Grand Budapest HotelBottom: Imitation Game, Selma, Theory of Everything, Whiplash  From Mississippi to California! Freshman at UCLA :) Class of 2017! Go Bruins! Writer at Her Campus UCLA, member of Tri Delta! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Chris Kyle. I’ll never forget your name. I’ll never forget your service. Interestingly enough, though, it’s probably not for the reason you think.The nation has been in an uproar over the film American Sniper and there are only two sides you can be on.On one hand, you LOVED the film. You’re a patriot. You love this country. Chris Kyle is a hero, no "if"s, "and"s or "but"s about it. You read the book. You entered the theater an average American and emerged an even better one.Then, there’s the other side. You didn’t enjoy the movie. You think Chris Kyle is a racist monster. How could he kill all of those people? This film is like Nazi propaganda. How could this film be made in our time? You entered the theater an average American and came out questioning your citizenship.I honestly don’t think either side is quite as crazy as we’re making them out to be.What did I think of American Sniper? Well, I’m glad you asked.I thought it was average. It was a pretty good war movie, which is what Clint Eastwood was going for, but I’m not pulled to either side of the aisle. I guess I’m in the middle.Maybe there aren’t just two sides.What got all of this started anyway? It’s 2015, so naturally it was a celebrity on Twitter.Seth Rogen (who actually entered the theater 100 percent Canadian) tweeted that American Sniper reminded him of a film that’s actually shown in the film Inglorious Basterds. So meta.Immediately people responded, upset that Seth Rogen so obviously just compared an American hero to a Nazi. How dare he? He’s a terrible American (but still actually Canadian, I promise). He doesn’t even have dual citizenship!Let’s analyze this a bit more. The film shown in Inglorious Basterds that Rogen references is a Nazi propaganda film called Stolz der Nation. In Inglorious Basterds, the bit of the film shown features a German sniper killing Allied soldiers. American Sniper shows an American sniper killing terrorists. I can kind of see how Rogen might be reminded of Stolz der Nation while watching American Sniper and I’m really not at all upset by that.Black-and-white striped shirts remind me of jail, cheese reminds me of Wisconsin and cheaters remind me of the New England Patriots. I'm sorry if anyone takes offense to the way I connect things, but I’m really not all that sorry.After a threat from none other than Superman (a.k.a. Dean Cain), Rogen decided to clear up his statement a bit, tweeting, “I wasn’t comparing the two [films]. Big difference between comparing and reminding. Apples remind me of oranges. Can’t compare them, though.”That clears that up then. At least, it would in a perfect world. People are still going to dislike Rogen for a tweet and praise anyone that attacked him after. That’s just the America we live in today.Both sides should just chill out. Movies can be powerful and moving for all sorts of reasons, but don’t let something so trivial divide a whole nation. I don’t want to have to explain to my grandchildren how an American civil war started over a statement of less than 141 characters made by a 100 percent authentic Canadian was taken out of context.Can you imagine the side-eye I would get from their hologram avatars? Picture Credits:www.washingtonpost.comI'm a senior at the University of Kentucky working towards a degree in Media Arts and Studies. Some notable accomplishments of mine: once mailed a stranger a bag of Fruity Pebbles, met Jack White, slayed Bohemian Rhapsody at karaoke night, and once came one number away from winning $50 in a game of BINGO. I also really like Beyoncé because I'm human.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus! Join HAB for the LAST Screen on the Green this semester! There will be a free gift to those who got 10 stamps on their SOG card and a raffle for free movie tickets. There wll be refreshments for all attendees. Go and recieve 200 Pete points!Bring a blanket and friends and enjoy the movie! Cynthya is a sophomore at USFSP majoring in Mass Communications. She currently holds the position of Editing and Content Chair in her chapter. She aspires to work at Cosmopolitan and write to her heart’s desire. She loves to be adventurous and often agrees to try new things with a, “why not?” attitude. She loves the city life because she was raised in South Korea and sees herself living in New York among all the skyscrapers and cabs one day. She's destined to becoming a dog lady because she has so much love for every pooch. You can contact her by email at cwalker12@mail.usf.edu or follower her on Instagram at @your_cynsation.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Come check out two of the years biggest movie releases, "Into the Woods" and "American Sniper". Bring your friends out to enjoy them as they are shown on the big screen tonight on the Basilica Lawn! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Clint Eastwood’s American Sniper has been dominating box offices across the country, already raking in more than $200M after only ten days in theatres.  In the movie, Bradley Cooper plays the role of American sniper Chris Kyle.  The memoir runs through Kyle’s childhood to his decision to enlist, and follows him into the heart of the war.  The movie has already earned an Oscar nomination for Best Picture, and Bradley Cooper’s breathtaking performance earned him a nomination for Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role. My friend and I decided to see American Sniper the day after it was officially released.  We showed up for the 7pm viewing overly optimistic.  Not only had that showing sold out, but so had two of the three others that were being offered that night.  We managed to grab tickets to the 10:20, which sold out shortly after.  My friend and I waited patiently on line to enter the theatre—people packed in like sardines.  132 minutes later, the credits ended and the screen went dark.  You could have heard a penny drop from across the room.  Not one person in the movie moved until this moment—we all sat through the entirety of the credits, waited for the lights to flicker on, and walked out in a deafening silence.  The only person who spoke leaving the theatre was a young man in his twenties who turned to a Veteran wearing a military hat and said, “thank you for your service.”  This phenomenon was not just something that my friend and I had experienced; almost every person who has gone to see the movie in theatres have observed the same thing.  Even when we got out to the parking lot, no one was speaking.  This movie has done it—it has left a fast-paced, loud, and opinionated society completely speechless.  It brought awareness to the sacrifices that these men and women in uniform are giving every day.  It portrayed the unspeakable, bloody violence and the effect it has physically and mentally on those who experience it first hand.  American Sniper undoubtedly honors Chris Kyle, the heroic and historic American sniper who gave the ultimate sacrifice after protecting our country, and should be a must-see for anyone who hasn’t seen it yet. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Come see the critically acclaimed film American Sniper in 101 DeBart! This SUB movie will be showing Thursday 4/9 at 8:00 pm, Friday 4/10 at 8:00 pm and 10:30 pm, and Saturday 4/11 at 8:00 pm and 10:30 pm.Images: 1Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus! Catch the incredible true story of Chris Kyle, an American sniper's, time deployed in Iraq. The film stars the one and only Bradely Cooper and is directed by Clint Eastwood. Check out the trailer here! Image 1I am a Science-Business major at Notre Dame. I think science is awesome, but like that I am able to experience all areas with my education! I love my dorm, breakfast food, and chocolate. I am a big foodie (hence many of my food related articles) and find health trends in society really interesting. I love to be outside, swim, and have been turned into a runner by my friends since coming to college. I am also a big believer in yoga and think every collegiate should take time, whether it is yoga or something else, for themselves each day! I love writing for Hercampus in my free time and am always open for article suggestions. ~ "Don't forget to love yourself"~Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!American Sniper, the story of Chris Kyle, is one powerful film. For those who haven’t heard, here’s a synopsis of the film: A Navy SEAL is sent on four tours and makes it home alive. He was known as the most deadly sniper and had a confirmed 160 kills, but when he comes back home, he was killed by a veteran with PTSD (post traumatic stress disorder).Before seeing the film, I had heard how amazing it was, and it truly was; but, that did not prepare me for the raw emotion that came along with it. Bradley Cooper was powerful, and according to Chris Kyle’s widow, Taya Kyle, he gave a bone chilling performance of her late husband. Throughout the film, I was holding my breath. I knew he was not going to die in battle, but the scenes were intense, they made it feel like I was there, I was on edge the whole time. The way the film was adapted from Kyle’s book was amazing. I have never had more pride for my country.The end of the movie was the part that got me. They showed actual videos and pictures of Kyle’s funeral and there was no music when the credits rolled. The theater was silent, no one moved. All that could be heard were the sniffles and the wiping of tears.So, I encourage everyone to go see this amazing film. Not only because it’s a spectacular film (it deserves all the Oscars), but because it shows what the men and women who are fighting for our freedom go through. It shows them on the field, it shows them at home, it shows what is going through their heads. If that doesn’t make you grateful to be an American, then I don’t know what will. It is a powerful film that I believe everyone should see. So go buy yourself a movie ticket and grab some tissues and thank God you live in the United States of America.Rest in peace, Chris Kyle.      http://slashposters.com/posters/movies/for-american-sniper//http://warhe...Friend. Sister. Hog fan. Writer.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Movie viewers nationwide were able to hear the legendary American hero story of Chris Kyle. The film displayed the brutal timeline of Chris’s four tours to Iraq along with the constant fights that he and his family had to suffer through before, during, and after serving our country. Also viewed are the adjusting environments he faced shifting from combat mindset to civilian life.We see the tolls it took on our lives, our neighbors’ lives, and the overall economy. However, most of us were sheltered from some of the descriptions and images of the Iraq war. American Sniper exemplified the life of a NAVY Seal and his task of a specialized job that included the harsh decision-making of taking lives to save lives. The movie’s main purpose was to show the actions that were occurring on the other side of the world, seeing the dangers that towns had being forced to be in the middle of a battle zone. The movie’s plot focused more on the hurdles he conquered rather than parade all of his medals or create a statue image of superiority, which I believe is a well done job by the screenwriter Jason Hall and the whole cast.Not only do we see Kyle’s life, the journey his wife, Taya, and their two children took alongside him was an extra insight that elevates the struggles military families have to adapt with. What the film included post-war with Chris’s spare time activities with volunteer work speaks volumes in his character and is very heart warming. It’s a movie that comes with humbling, caring elements to finish it off at the end with real footage to celebrate the life of Chris Kyle. When I personally saw it, the only sound that broke the dead silence in a packed movie theater were tears. That says a lot about the reaction many got from this patriotic production. Irais is pursuing a marketing major at The University of Illinois at Chicago. Coming from the small country town of Harvard, Illinois, she knows there's a whole neighborhood left for her to explore. Checking off her bucket list activities is what she does in the afternoons and weekends when she’s not napping. She currently cherishes her vast music playlist, Netflix account, Pinterest boards, and her growing show collection of Chucks and wedges. Catch her trying to Penny board to class. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!