Caitlyn Jenner looked stunning in this Versace dress in July.Source: ABC News On June 1, Caitlyn Jenner proudly revealed herself to the world on the cover of Vanity Fair along with the proud title, "Call me Caitlyn." Since this debut, one recurring question had to do with her name. Noticing the obvious lack of a "K" in the spelling, many people wondered why Caitlyn intentionally chose to break the Kardashian family tradition. In am interview with Vanity Fair, Caitlyn explained her choice.Selecting a suitable name was no easy feat for Caitlyn, who admits that the process began two years ago. "It's one of the hardest things in life—choosing your own name," she said. After watching the Miss America pageant on TV, a few different names stood out for her, like Heather and Cathy, but Caitlyn was the clear favorite. When her assistant independently suggested the name Caitlyn, Jenner knew that her dilemma had been resolved. “I love that name, too!” she excitedly told her assistant.  However, Jenner still had another decision to consider—whether or not she would spell her name with a "K," like the other members of the Kardashaian/Jenner clan (Kris, Kourtney, Khloe, Kim, Kendall and Kylie). Jenner ultimately chose to "break tradition and the media associations that went with it." Caitlyn's bold decision allows her to be her own woman and have her own identity, separate from the Kardashians.Be sure to check out Caitlyn Jenner's interview in the next issue of Vanity Fair when it hits newsstands on June 9!    Olivia Singh is currently a junior at Hunter College in New York City, majoring in Media Studies.  Her concentration is Journalism and she is a Pop Culture Blogger for HerCampus.com.  Music, movies, television, and pop culture in general are her areas of expertise. She’s that one friend who knows just about every detail of the latest news story in the entertainment world.  Just think of her as your personal E! News correspondent.  Close friends rave about her storytelling skills, so she can only hope that other people will enjoy her writing as much as she enjoys telling a good story.  When she isn't scrolling through her plethora of social media sites, she can be found cuddling with her cat, playing the piano, obsessing over boybands, or eating a cupcake. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!This realization is currently circulating the Internet: Siri refers to Caitlyn Jenner only by the name she currently identifies with. When asked questions using Caitlyn's former name, Siri will automatically correct you, and respond with the name Caitlyn. How awesome is that?Siri knows more than just Caitlyn's name, as seen in the screenshot below.While Siri's sassy response to the question, "What is zero divided by zero?" recently made its rounds online, we think this bit of iPhone knowledge is much more important. We're glad to see that Apple is on top of its game when it comes to this relevant LGBTQ+ topic. Jamie is a junior Writing, Literature and Publishing major at Emerson College in Boston, MA. She is the Her Campus Life Editor, a National Contributing Writer, and Campus Correspondent of the Emerson Her Campus chapter. Jamie hopes to pursue a career in the publishing industry. See more of her work at: http://jamiekravitz.contently.com Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Two weeks ago, "The Ellen Show" kicked off its season 13 premiere week with an episode featuring Caitlyn Jenner. During her interview, Caitlyn talks about her transitioning experience, her family and her opinion on same-sex marriage. Ellen starts off by bringing up Caitlyn's political views. A conservative woman that refers to herself as a "traditionalist," says that she was not for same-sex marriage when the issue first came about. She uses her "older age" as a justifying factor. However, even after all of these years, as a trans-woman, is it not strange that Caitlyn Jenner supports a political party that generally does not support her rights? As a republican, Caitlyn Jenner believes that the traditions that the country was founded upon should remain. However, these traditions do not include transgender rights either. Now that Caitlyn Jenner is a well-known face of the transgender community, should her judgement on same-sex marriage be considered problematic? Will she still be seen as that well-known face of the transgender community even though she failed to empathize with the lesbian, gay and bisexual community? Caitlyn says that her thinking has changed as time has gone on and that it isn't her job to stand in front of anyone's happiness, but then goes on to say that if marriage is really that important to someone, then she can "go with it." This was her basic way of saying that "same-sex marriage is legal across all 50 states and now, there is nothing that I can do about it." She makes it very apparent that if this political decision hadn't been made, she would not have been as tolerant.Ellen, a lesbian and supporter of the transgender community, goes on to say that people of the same sex deserve the right to be married just as the "traditional" man and woman do. The opinion Caitlyn Jenner voiced as an advocate for the transgender community was confusing. As a trans-woman asking the world for acceptance, she still does not fully accept same-sex marriage as a whole. Shouldn't she be able to relate to the lesbian, gay and bisexual community being that she has experienced the same type of oppression and bigotry or has this entire experience not "opened her eyes" like she says it did?Equality is important and not everyone supports the same traditions you advocate for, Caitlyn. Get to know the world around you before you ask the world to get to know you. Your hypocrisy is showing. Erica Dabney is a freshman at Virginia Commonwealth University. She plans to graduate with her bachelors in mass communications in 2019. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Ambassador Samantha Power, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, has released a video of an interview with Caitlyn Jenner. The video was released for International Human Rights Day, and features the two speaking about how to advance the fight for transgender rights in the U.S. and internationally.The ambassador and Jenner discussed the disturbing rate of violence against trans people, and the importance of making trans people feel safe around the world. These are crucial concerns, as at least 21 transgender people have been murdered in 2015—more than any year previously.Jenner also talked about her personal journey since coming out.“No matter who you are, what your background is, what your age is, you can live authentically, okay?” she said. “The last six months, being able to live authentically, I’m so excited about life. I’ve got things to do, I’ve got a mission in life, a purpose in life, and I would like to share that with people. And I would like to make a difference in the world."Katherine Mirani is the News Editor for Her Campus. She graduated from Northwestern University's journalism school in 2015. Before joining Her Campus full time, she worked on investigative stories for Medill Watchdog and the Scripps News Washington Bureau. When not obsessing over journalism, Katherine enjoys pasta, ridiculous action movies, #longreads, and her cockatiel, Oreo.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!I don’t keep up with the Kardsashians, I don’t believe this family needs any more press, but I am a supporter of transpeople. I was so proud of Caitlyn Jenner when her Vanity Fair cover was released, and I’m sure many transgender youth were excited, too. Because of her bravery, Caitlyn was one of a few who received the “Woman of the Year” award from Glamour Magazine.However, not everyone feels supportive. Widower James Smith, whose wife, Moira, died as a NYPD first responder on Sept. 11, 2001, mailed his award back to Glamour magazine, saying it is "a slap in the face". Smith further commented on Jenner's interview with Buzzfeed, “When Jenner said the hardest part of being a woman was figuring out what to wear, he proved to me that he is not truly a woman. I believe this comment he has made trivializes the transgender experience as I have witnessed it.”What makes James Smith’s comments so interesting to me is that it’s possible to put yourself in his shoes and understand the offense, however there is no reason to discredit your wife's honor because of Caitlyn. Caitlyn has not lived the “typical” woman experience; she is rich, famous and has not experienced many of the hardships other women have (many claim that because since Caitlyn cannot get pregnant, menstruate, and has everything handed to her, she must not be a ‘real woman’). However, Caitlyn is a woman and the world needs to respect that. Regardless of your behavior or background, if you identify with a gender, it is your human right to not have that questioned further. Rich women are still women; bratty women are still women, infertile women are still women. As Caitlyn also said in her interview with Buzzfeed, "It is more than the hair, makeup, clothes, all that kind of stuff. There's an element here, that I'm still kind of searching for." You don't have to respect Caitlyn, but I don’t believe in calling someone the wrong gender just because I’m upset with them and disagree with their honored courage.Lastly, the award in question is a Glamour magazine award. It is not a Purple heart, Nobel Peace Prize or a seat in the Oval Office. Glamour magazine has the right to acknowledge and reward many different types of women for multiple reasons. You can certainly disagree with Caitlyn's definition of a feminine struggle, but sending the award back may have been a bit of an overreaction, it was not a direct insult to Smith’s wife, but rather an acknowledgment that there are many ways to be brave and honorable. Some may express their outrage because Caitlyn has only been a woman for a little while (the "Call Me Caitlyn" Vanity Fair cover came out just this past summer) but I am personally okay with the world reaching out and accepting Caitlyn as a woman. It's also important to consider the example that acceptance sets for other transfolk who are struggling in their skin. Now is that so bad? Katie is a 21 year old Psychology major at Virginia Commonwealth University. Her legal name is Katherine, but only her mother can call her that when she's in trouble. She loves coffee, lipstick, science, leggings, and people who properly cite their sources. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Caitlyn Jenner has been named Glamour’s 2015 Woman of the Year, alongside Reese Witherspoon. While Reese Witherspoon has empowering things this year, from diverting sexist questions on the red carpet to receiving an Oscar nod for best supporting actress, questions have been raised about what exactly Jenner has done to earn this prestigious title. In April, Jenner, then Bruce, had an interview with Diane Sawyer, in which she publicly announced that he identified as a woman and would like to be known as Caitlyn. Her Vanity Fair cover sparked a worldwide discussion on the importance of being oneself and the role of transgender people in the media and the LGTBQ community. And her primetime televsion show, I Am Cait, debuted to an international audience. But aside from that, what has she done?   The controversy surrounding Jenner’s nomination joins other controversies about her political opinions. In a recent interview with Ellen, Jenner revealed that because she is a “traditionalist,” she has only recently come to accept the idea that same-sex marriage should be a legal right. She has also revealed that she is a Republican, which isn’t a bad thing, but may allude to other potentially problematic views.  Jenner has proved that she holds some views that aren’t completely accepting. She isn’t a proponent of equality for all groups of people, so many argue that she isn’t deserving of her title as Woman of the Year. While it isn’t unusual for Glamour to announce multiple women that they believe deserve their yearly title, the controversy around Jenner is greater than any previous recipients.  Hi, I'm Alexis! I'm a sophomore Communications major at Adelphi University, and my focus is in Journalism. I hope to write for music-based companies like MTV or Pitchfork after graduation. Other than writing, I enjoy reading, napping, and sightseeing. One fun fact about me is that I'm left-handed, which means I'm more likely to become President! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!On Wednesday evening, Caitlyn Jenner was awarded the Arthur Ashe Courage Award at the ESPYs. At the ceremony, she was acknowledged for her courage in coming out to the world. Jenner’s speech captivated her audience, including fellow athletes, celebrities, and her own family members, among them her mother and children. Why has Jenner been such a news phenomenon and why was her speech so powerful?Our nation has had a long and proud history of correcting course, fixing our misjudgements, and ever increasing our tolerance. Notable examples include the abolition of slavery, women's right to vote, and more recently, the legalization of gay marriage. In every case, the change began with a small group and reached a tipping point where most people adopted what was originally a minority viewpoint. Jenner's speech proved she's a key figure for her cause.Listed here are 3 important lessons we can all learn from her speech:Jenner did not appear to be trying to convert anyone, and that is part of the reason why she did. When Jenner spoke she was very open, honest, and appeared to be hopeful and optimistic about her future going forward.Jenner simply told her story on her own terms in her own way, and we learned much that we didn’t know. Others in her position have been paralyzed with the fear of being honest about themselves, and we hope that her openness gives others the courage to be themselves.Jenner's story is just one among many voices, and hopefully, it will pave the way for others to tell their stories.Caitlyn Jenner’s full speech can be viewed here:Hey! My name is Jackie Borwick and I am a sophomore majoring in journalism at Ithaca College. Usually during my free time I like to hang out with my friends and family, post pictures of food on Instagram, and listen to music on Spotify, read a good book, and watch the latest flick! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!On Monday, Vanity Fair released the cover for its July issue featuring Caitlyn Jenner, formerly known as Bruce.Caitlyn Jenner poses for Annie Leibovitz on the cover of Vanity Fair #CallMeCaitlyn http://t.co/NRyh6R09RR pic.twitter.com/GO1ZgJJKBR— VANITY FAIR (@VanityFair) June 1, 2015After months of rumors and speculation from the tabloids, Jenner came out as transgender back in April during a sit-down interview with Diane Sawyer on ABC's "20/20." Following the interview, the E! series "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" drew its largest audience in three years when the 65-year-old former Olympian shared the story of the difficult and often emotional conversations she had with her family during a special two-part episode of the reality show, which aired in mid-May. Now, after a stunning Vanity Fair photo shoot shot by Annie Leibovitz, the reality star has said goodbye to Bruce Jenner and is ready to introduce herself to the world as Caitlyn."This shoot was about my life and who I am as a person," she tells the magazine. "It's not about the fanfare, it's not about the people cheering in the stadium, it's not about going down the street and everybody giving you 'that a boy, Bruce,' pat on the back, O.K. This is about your life."Along with being on the cover of the magazine, she also opens up about her female identity inside the pages."If I was lying on my deathbed and I had kept this secret and never ever did anything about it, I would be lying there saying, 'You just blew your entire life.'"Jenner's continuing journey will be documented in an eight-part docuseries set to premiere on E! in late July.Danielle is a senior at the University of Georgia majoring in English and minoring in Sociology. You can usually find her dividing her time between being Campus Correspondent of Her Campus UGA, binge-watching Grey's Anatomy on Netflix and daydreaming about being one of Beyonce's backup dancers. If you want to know more about Danielle, you can follow her on Instagram (@danielleknecole_) or Twitter (@DanielleKnecole).Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!It has been almost a month since Glamour magazine officially named Caitlyn Jenner ‘Woman of The Year.’ Even so, controversy has failed to die down since that formal announcement. The husband of Moira Smith, who was a police officer who lost her life during the 9/11 attacks, returned his late wife’s award in protest of the magazine’s selection of Jenner.And he's not the only one. Rose McGowan, also a past recipient, has some choice words for Jenner. She was particularly critical of a comment Jenner made in her acceptance speech where she stated that the “hardest part about being a woman is figuring out what to wear.”McGowan took to Facebook to express her concerns in a now-deleted post, writing, "Caitlyn Jenner you do not understand what being a woman is about at all. You want to be a woman and stand with us—well learn us. We are more than deciding what to wear. We are more than the stereotypes foisted upon us by people like you. You're a woman now? Well f*cking learn that we have had a VERY different experience than your life of male privilege."She added that Caitlyn shouldn't be considered Woman of the Year until she "wake[s] up and join[s] the fight"—and concluded that "If you know you are going to be speaking to media about being a woman, maybe come to understand our struggles."  On the one hand, we agree with McGowan—when one has an audience the way Caitlyn does, it's important to send the right message. But slapping the term "male privilege" on a transgender woman who's only recently been able to go public with her true identity... well, that's a little harsh. What do you think, collegiettes? Do you agree with McGowan? Paige Herer is a freshman at Penn State University has been a writer for Her Campus since fall 2015. She is also the current Social Chair for Her Campus Penn State. She is working towards a PR major. Her business aspirations include but are not limited to becoming Olivia Pope. She has a passion for reading, drinking coffee, long car rides, and scrolling through online blogs for hours. . When Paige isn't being ridiculously productive you can find her catching up on her favorite shows which include Scandal(duh), American Horror Story, and Friends. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!