American Sniper, the story of Chris Kyle, is one powerful film. For those who haven’t heard, here’s a synopsis of the film: A Navy SEAL is sent on four tours and makes it home alive. He was known as the most deadly sniper and had a confirmed 160 kills, but when he comes back home, he was killed by a veteran with PTSD (post traumatic stress disorder).Before seeing the film, I had heard how amazing it was, and it truly was; but, that did not prepare me for the raw emotion that came along with it. Bradley Cooper was powerful, and according to Chris Kyle’s widow, Taya Kyle, he gave a bone chilling performance of her late husband. Throughout the film, I was holding my breath. I knew he was not going to die in battle, but the scenes were intense, they made it feel like I was there, I was on edge the whole time. The way the film was adapted from Kyle’s book was amazing. I have never had more pride for my country.The end of the movie was the part that got me. They showed actual videos and pictures of Kyle’s funeral and there was no music when the credits rolled. The theater was silent, no one moved. All that could be heard were the sniffles and the wiping of tears.So, I encourage everyone to go see this amazing film. Not only because it’s a spectacular film (it deserves all the Oscars), but because it shows what the men and women who are fighting for our freedom go through. It shows them on the field, it shows them at home, it shows what is going through their heads. If that doesn’t make you grateful to be an American, then I don’t know what will. It is a powerful film that I believe everyone should see. So go buy yourself a movie ticket and grab some tissues and thank God you live in the United States of America.Rest in peace, Chris Kyle.      http://slashposters.com/posters/movies/for-american-sniper//http://warhe...Friend. Sister. Hog fan. Writer.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Need to know:Director: Clint EastwoodWriters: James Hall, Chris Kyle, Scott McEwen, James DeFeliceStarring: Bradley Cooper, Sienna Miller, Kyle Gallner,Nominations: Best Motion Picture of the Year, Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role, Best Writing - screenplay based on material previously produced or published, Best Achievement in Editing, Best Achievement in Sound Editing, Best Achievement in Sound MixingSynopsis by Louise Peterson:American Sniper depicts the life story of Chris Kyle, a Texas cowboy who realizes in his thirties that his talents would be best used to fight terrorism for the United States. He decides to act on this realization and joins the Navy SEALs, becoming a sniper. After he marries, he completes several tours in Iraq which prove to be taxing on its own, however, the real struggle unfolds when he returns home to his wife and kids, now struggling with maintaining those relationships and fully understanding the reality of the war.Review by Louise Peterson:I was pretty thrown off when I read so many negative reviews of this film. In my opinion, Chris Kyle’s story is devastatingly tragic and American Sniper is a tremendous testament to his life and sacrifice for our country. I think that the aspects of the movie that viewers are considering to be “propaganda” are accurate depictions of how Chris Kyle felt about his country and how he worked to cope with the atrocities that he faced. Overall, I found this movie to extremely well done, as there is no perfect way to accurately depict a war story. Bradley Cooper showed what he’s capable of, while Clint Eastwood directed a well-balanced movie, probably the best war movie I’ve seen.Oscar Prediction by Louise Peterson:Due to all of the negative feedback that the film received, I’d be surprised if this film won Best Picture. Bradley Cooper’s performance, however, was exceptional, so I see him as a real contender for Best Actor. I also think the storyline was well adapted, so I think that it has a chance to take home an Oscar in Best Writing. Movie viewers nationwide were able to hear the legendary American hero story of Chris Kyle. The film displayed the brutal timeline of Chris’s four tours to Iraq along with the constant fights that he and his family had to suffer through before, during, and after serving our country. Also viewed are the adjusting environments he faced shifting from combat mindset to civilian life.We see the tolls it took on our lives, our neighbors’ lives, and the overall economy. However, most of us were sheltered from some of the descriptions and images of the Iraq war. American Sniper exemplified the life of a NAVY Seal and his task of a specialized job that included the harsh decision-making of taking lives to save lives. The movie’s main purpose was to show the actions that were occurring on the other side of the world, seeing the dangers that towns had being forced to be in the middle of a battle zone. The movie’s plot focused more on the hurdles he conquered rather than parade all of his medals or create a statue image of superiority, which I believe is a well done job by the screenwriter Jason Hall and the whole cast.Not only do we see Kyle’s life, the journey his wife, Taya, and their two children took alongside him was an extra insight that elevates the struggles military families have to adapt with. What the film included post-war with Chris’s spare time activities with volunteer work speaks volumes in his character and is very heart warming. It’s a movie that comes with humbling, caring elements to finish it off at the end with real footage to celebrate the life of Chris Kyle. When I personally saw it, the only sound that broke the dead silence in a packed movie theater were tears. That says a lot about the reaction many got from this patriotic production. Irais is pursuing a marketing major at The University of Illinois at Chicago. Coming from the small country town of Harvard, Illinois, she knows there's a whole neighborhood left for her to explore. Checking off her bucket list activities is what she does in the afternoons and weekends when she’s not napping. She currently cherishes her vast music playlist, Netflix account, Pinterest boards, and her growing show collection of Chucks and wedges. Catch her trying to Penny board to class. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus! Catch the incredible true story of Chris Kyle, an American sniper's, time deployed in Iraq. The film stars the one and only Bradely Cooper and is directed by Clint Eastwood. Check out the trailer here! Image 1I am a Science-Business major at Notre Dame. I think science is awesome, but like that I am able to experience all areas with my education! I love my dorm, breakfast food, and chocolate. I am a big foodie (hence many of my food related articles) and find health trends in society really interesting. I love to be outside, swim, and have been turned into a runner by my friends since coming to college. I am also a big believer in yoga and think every collegiate should take time, whether it is yoga or something else, for themselves each day! I love writing for Hercampus in my free time and am always open for article suggestions. ~ "Don't forget to love yourself"~Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Everyone meet Chris and Ryan, two fun-loving upperclassmen and two of the most hilarious guys on campus! Check out their interview below.Name:Chris SchleckserRyan LindquistYear: Chris: JuniorRyan: SeniorDorm (before living off campus):Chris: Morrissey (Freshman year), Dillon (Sophomore year)Ryan: MorrisseyHometown:Chris: Dallas, TXRyan: Buffalo, NYMajor:Chris: Political ScienceRyan: AccountingRelationship status:Chris: In a relationship – the girl just has no ideaRyan: Terrified of commitmentCampus activities:Chris: ClassRyan: Bengal Bouts, EatingWords that people would use to describe you?Chris: Deceivingly adequate, sleepyRyan: husky, dangerous, confusedInterests and Hobbies?Chris: Ryan Lindquist and sittingRyan: Making poor decisions, and also sittingFavorite TV show? Chris and Ryan: Real World New York / Los Angeles / San Francisco / London / Miami / Boston / Seattle / Hawaii / New Orleans / Back to New York / Chicago / Las Vegas / Paris / San Diego / Philadelphia / Austin / Key West / Denver / Sydney / Hollywood / Brooklyn / Cancun / D.C. / New Orleans / Las Vegas / San Diego / St. Thomas / Portland / Ex-Plosion / Skeletons, and to save space any of the challenges that feature CTBiggest Pet Peeve? Chris: Animals dressed as humansRyan: When people like their own social media postsChris: ...That tooCelebrity Crush? Chris and Ryan: Zac Efron in That Awkward MomentInteresting Fact About You?Chris: I have sunken chest. It’s big enough that you can eat cereal out of it.Ryan: My life is an open book.Chris: It’s a pop-up book. He can’t read.What is your favorite thing about being roommates?Chris: We have similar taste in TV shows – we haven’t watched anything but Real World for about 3 weeks now. It’s been electric.Ryan: I always have something to eat cereal out of.Best part about living off campus?Chris and Ryan: The general cleanliness of our house.How did you guys become friends?Chris: InceptionRyan: Notre Dame put him in my hallway my Sophomore year, and he hasn’t stopped following me around.Fondest memory you guys have had at ND?Chris: Last Saturday we spent 12 hours on the couch (with Alex Jirschele) and watched an entire season of The Challenge: Free Agents. That was pretty cool.Ryan: I like that answer.Favorite trip you’ve taken together?Chris: Flag Football National Championship over winter break.Ryan: I also like that answer.You guys are pretty involved in intramural sports at ND. What is your favorite sport to play? What is your favorite sport to coach?Chris: Our backyard makes for good Wiffle Ball. Also at some point, we don’t know when, we started playing flag football. We also coach Walsh Flag Football. Come play for us. Seriously.Ryan: Dynasty Warriors.Future plans or goals?Chris: It would be nice to have a job.Ryan: Working for PWC in New York.Who is your biggest role model?Chris: Zac Efron in That Awkward Moment (sometimes my sister Kat)Ryan: Kyle OrtonWhat qualities do you look for in a girl?Chris: Solid social media skillsRyan: Accepting that Chris comes first and occasionally willing to be big spoonWhat is your idea of a perfect date?Chris: I really like pizza, so getting pizza.Ryan: We show up at slightly different times to the same restaurant, eat at tables facing each other and occasionally make eye contact; never speaking, but always knowing that it’s meant to be. Do you believe in love at first sight?Chris and Ryan: We’re proof of it.Chris, what is your favorite thing about Ryan?Chris: His terrible decision making ability makes my mediocre decision making ability look above average.Ryan, what is your favorite thing about Chris?Ryan: He makes funny captions on Instagram and subsidizes my food because I get hungry a lot.Anything else you want to share?Ryan: *Proverbial Mic Drop*Thanks Chris and Ryan!!XOXO, HCND Follow HCND on Twitter, like us on Facebook, Pin with us, and show our Instagram some love!Images: 1, 2, 3 provided by authorDo you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!If there is one thing we can count on it is celebrities giving their children weird names. After all, would it really make sense if Kanye and Kim Kardashian named their son Jim? What if Beyoncé and Jay-Z named their daughter Sarah? The media would most likely be more shocked if certain celebrities didn’t give their children unusual names.Here are some of the strangest (and sometimes shocking) celebrity baby names:Alabama Gypsy Rose Jennings (daughter of Drea de Matteo and Shooter Jennings)Alcamy Henriksen (daughter of Lance and Mary Jane Henriksen)Apple Blythe Alison Martin (daughter of Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin)Audio Science Clayton (son of Shannyn Sossamon and Dallas Clayton)Banjo Patrick Taylor (son of Rachel Griffiths and Andrew Taylor)Bear Blaze Winslet (son of Kate Winslet and Ned Rocknroll)Bear Blu Jarecki (son of Alicia Silverstone and Christopher Jarecki)Blue Ivy Carter (daughter of Beyoncé and Jay-Z)Bodhi Ransom Green (son of Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green)Buddy Bear Maurice Oliver (son of Jamie and Jools Oliver)Camera Ashe (daughter of Arthur Ashe and Jeanne Moutoussamy Ashe)Cricket Pearl Silverstein (daughter of Busy Philipps and Marc Silverstein)Daisy-Boo Pamela Oliver (daughter of Jamie and Jools Oliver)Dandelion Angela Richards (daughter of Keith Richards and Anita Pallenberg)Denim Cole Braxton-Lewis (son of Toni Braxton and Keri Lewis)Diezel Ky Braxton-Lewis (son of Toni Braxton and Keri Lewis)Diva Muffin Zappa (daughter of Frank and Gail Zappa)Dusti Rain Van Winkle (daughter of Vanilla Ice and Laura Van Winkle)Dweezil Zappa (son of Frank and Gail Zappa)Elijah Bob Patricious Guggi Q Hewson (son of Alison Stewart and Bono)Fifi Trixiebelle Geldof (daughter of Paula Yates and Bob Geldof)Freedom Rhames (daughter of Ving Rhames and Deborah Reed)Fuschia Katherine Sumner (daughter of Sting and Frances Tomelty)God’iss Love Stone (daughter of Lil’ Mo and Al Stone)Heaven Rain Charvet (daughter of Brooke Burke and David Charvet)Heavenly Hiraani Tiger Lily Hutchence Geldof (daughter of Paula Yates and Michael Hutchence)Jermajesty Jermaine Jackson (son of Jermaine Jackson and Alejandra Patricia Oaiaz)Kal-El Coppola Cage (son of Nicolas Cage and Alice Kim)Keelee Breeze Van Winkle (daughter of Vanilla Ice and Laura Van Winkle)Little Pixie Geldof (daughter of Paula Yates and Bob Geldof)Lucky Rose Kyles (daughter of Cedric the Entertainer and Lorna Wells)Lyric Sonny Roads Goldberg (son of Soleil Moon Frye and Jason Goldberg)Memphis Eve Sunny Day Hewson (daughter of Alison Stewart and Bono)Messiah Ya' Majesty Harris (son of T.I. and Lashon Dixon)Moon Unit Zappa (daughter of Frank and Gail Zappa)Moxie CrimeFighter Jillette (daughter of Penn and Emily Jillette)North West (daughter of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West)Peaches Honeyblossom Geldof (daughter of Paula Yates and Bob Geldof)Petal Blossom Rainbow Oliver (daughter of Jamie and Jools Oliver)Pilot Inspektor Lee (son of Jason Lee and Beth Riesgraf)Pirate Howsmon Davis (son of Jonathan Davis and Deven)Poet Sienna Rose Goldberg (daughter of Soleil Moon Frye and Jason Goldberg)Poppy-Honey Rosie Oliver (daughter of Jamie and Jools Oliver)Prince Michael Jackson (son of Michael Jackson and Debbie Rowe)Prince Michael Jackson II, AKA Blanket (son of Michael Jackson and Debbie Rowe)Rainbow Aurora Rotella (daughter of Holly Madison and Pasquale Rotella)Reignbeau Rhames (daughter of Ving Rhames and Deborah Reed)Saffron Sahara Le Bon (daughter of Simon and Yasmin Le Bon)Sage Moonblood Stallone (daughter of Sylvester Stallone and Sasha Czack)Saint West (son of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West)Satchel Lewis Lee (daughter of Spike Lee and Tonya Linette Lewis)Speck Wildhorse Mellencamp (son of John and Elaine Mellencamp)Sunny Bebop Balzary (daughter of Flea and Frankie Rayder)Tu Simone Ayer Morrow (daughter of Rob Morrow and Debbon Ayre)Zolten Penn Jillette (son of Penn and Emily Jillette)Zonnique Pullins (daughter of Tiny and Zonnie Zebo Pullins)Zuma Nesta Rock Rossdale (son of Gwen Stefani and Gavin Rossdale)Please note that unusual names run in families: Buddy Bear Maurice, Daisy-Boo Pamela, Petal Blossom Rainbow, Poppy-Honey Rosie are siblings; as are Fifi Trixiebelle, Heavenly Hiraani Tiger Lily, Little Pixie, and Peaches Honeyblossom (who unfortunately passed away in 2014). North and Saint don’t seem too weird now, do they?Would you ever name your child any of these names?Photo Credits: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 Fredrika is a senior at the University of Pittsburgh. She is studying communication, nonfiction writing, and children's literature. She originally hails from Stockholm, Sweden, but has lived in the Northern Virginia area for fifteen years. She is currently the Assistant Senior Editor of Her Campus Pitt.Follow Fredrika on her personal Twitter, @FredrikaUS!Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus! Attend the free monthly Art Walk from 6-10pm throughout downtown Bellingham. Peruse Downtown Bellingham's website for a full listing of participating venues.http://www.downtownbellingham.com  Kylee Morgan. WWU. 21 years old. Communications and PR enthusiast. WWU Campus Correspondent. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Name- Kyle Julien Class Status- Senior Graduation Year- 2014Age- 22Major- Business Administration & MarketingQuote to live by- "You got a dream? You have to protect it....You want something, go get it. Period." - Chris Gardner  HC: If you had any super power what would it be?Kyle: I always wanted to fly. Go wherever, whenever, no questions asked.  HC: Who is your biggest inspiration?Kyle: My biggest inspiration is my dad. All the good he taught me , im thankful. As for his flaws and decisions, they are constant motivators for me to be better.  HC: What things have you done or organizations you are a part of on campus and what you've learned from them?Kyle: I am currently the Vice President of both my fraternity (Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc. , Delta Epsilon Chapter and the African America Student Organization). I crossed Alpha in the fall of 2011 and this is my second year on A.A.S.0, Both organizations have helped me work on my public speaking and my people skills. Also being on the executive board with so many personalities, has taught me how to deal with different ideas all coming together and working for a common goal. HC: Why did you come to buff state?Kyle: I'm not going to lie, I  just happened to end up here. Senior year in high school I caught senioritis and never sent out any of my college applications and here I am . But everything happens for a reason. HC: What are the best and worst experiences while attending buff state?Kyle: My best experience at Buff State is definitely becoming an Alpha, hands down. My worst experience...all of the difficulties all Buff State students face, such as registration issues, black outs, no hot water on campus, and the horrible wifi that you get kicked off every 5 minutes! But hey , gotta love Buff State.  HC: How would you describe your experience here at buff stateKyle: I can say, I lived the ideal college life style these past 4 years. From dorming on campus to living at the "frat house", I wouldn't change anything.  HC: What do you hope to do when you graduateKyle: It sounds, bad but I really don't know. Obviously I want a job in my career choice, but i'm still stuck in the phase of living one day at a time and planning things out for the future. HC: What is the biggest motivation to continue on as a student here at buff state?Kyle: Things are going to go wrong, but just learn from it and move on. Take advantage of every opportunity, and stay focused don't forget the main reason you came up here.  HC: What advice can you give to females who go to buff state?Kyle: Honestly, just do you . That goes for guys and girls, it's easier said than done, but people always are going to talk regardless. That being said , enjoy your undergraduate college career. Stay focused and have fun.  All of us here at Her Campus Buff State would like to take the time to thank Kyle for participating and we wish him all the best of luck on his future endeavors.   Brittany Windham is a Senior at Buffalo State College in Buffalo, NY. She is studying Fashion Design with a concentration in Apparel Design. She is a New York City native with a love for the arts and anything that allows her to express her creativity. She is a published poet and a member of the Chi Alpha Epsilon Honors Society. She has worked alongside artist, designers, and students in New York City to promote environmental awareness through art with her participation in Digital Day Camp through the Eyebeam team. She is currently a member of the Orange Crush team on her campus and she one day aspires to have her own online store which recycles and reuses old accessories and clothing to create new ones.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!American Sniper came out over the weekend and drew huge crowds. The movie, directed by Clint Eastwood, follows the story of Chris Kyle, the Navy Seal sniper with the most confirmed kills in U.S. military history. In its nationwide opening, it brought in over $90 million. But those are just numbers. Does the movie really live up to the hype, or is it just another stereotypical war movie?I’ve spent four years sitting through war movies with my guy. Don’t get me wrong, they’re moving and incredible, but after a while, they start to look the same. I expected the same going into American Sniper, but I gave it a chance because it was different on the surface. This movie is Oscar-nominated, and it has Bradley Cooper who happens to be one of my favorite actors. Oh, and I did not know the real life story of Chris Kyle and was surprised at every turn, so I’m going to avoid major spoilers here in case there’s anyone left who doesn’t know what happens.The movie opens with Chris Kyle behind the gun faced with a difficult decision. Before he pulls the trigger, we flash back to his childhood. We learn about him growing up in Texas and wanting to become a cowboy and how he ends up signing up for the Navy Seals. So far, good, but nothing spectacular.The movie continues and we watch Chris go through his training, meet his wife, get married, and go to war. Then we catch up to where the movie started and we see Chris make his first kill and wrestle with what it means. The movie moves fast, one minute you see Chris’s son born and then suddenly that son is a preschooler and they’re going to see a newborn baby girl in the hospital. I understand why the movie moves fast—it’s a lot of life to cover—but the way it was done seemed a little choppy. Regardless, it didn’t stop me from being enthralled and emotional.Speaking of the babies, I’m sure you’ve all heard about the fake baby they used. I hate to beat a dead horse but this was a VERY fake baby. It was an emotional scene. Chris’s wife Taya is talking to Chris about how when he’s home he’s not really home and how she doesn’t want him to go on another tour. The whole time I’m distracted by this baby. This is not an exaggeration. I actually leaned over and said something to the group I was with to make sure it wasn’t just me being a snob. They agreed. HOWEVER we have gotten a response to the fake baby from a screenwriter and executive producer. According to Jason Hall, the first real baby had a fever and the second didn’t show up. Lesson: hire three babies.While American Sniper does document the life of an incredible hero, it documents even better the effect war has on even the greatest of heroes and their families. First, can I just say that military wives are incredible? Taya Kyle was raising two kids, not only on her own, but on her own while her husband was risking his life day after day halfway around the world. What was great about American Sniper was the way it showed how Taya dealt with Chris’s absence in a human way. She got angry. She asked why he was doing it. That doesn’t make her weak or horrible. It makes her human. Sometimes these movies don’t show the human emotion that would come from anyone put in the same situation. She went through so much when Chris was gone. The scene where Taya calls to tell Chris they’re having a boy and the call gets interrupted by gunfire? Yeah, that actually happened, only, in real life, it took Chris five days to call back. The portrayal of the human and heroic Taya Kyle was one of the best things about the movie.Not only did Taya go through a lot when Chris was gone, she had to deal with him not truly being home when he was in their house. The other great thing about American Sniper is it shows the real effect that war has. That’s what American Sniper did best: addressing the fact that PTSD can affect anyone. It’s not shameful and it’s definitely treatable.After helping himself, Chris helped others. When he came home, he started a company installing exercise equipment in vets’ homes. In addition, he would simply hang out with veterans, taking them to shooting ranges and talking to them about experiences. He helped many veterans fully come home.According to the PTSD foundation of American, 1 in 3 soldiers returning home are diagnosed with PTSD symptoms, but less than 40% actually seek help. This could maybe be because they feel like it makes them weak, maybe they’re protecting loved ones, or whatever the reason. American Sniper normalizes the issue and makes it a topic that’s out in the open and okay.Jacob Schick, a retired Marine that makes an appearance in the movie, told People magazine, “For any warrior who is struggling mentally, or even the families who go see this film, if they see, ‘Wow if a guy like Chris Kyle could struggle and get help, then I need to do it also; he was so full of pride but he felt like he couldn’t fight these demons on his own’—then I think this movie might push a warrior or at the family of a warrior away from the edge.”So, bottom line, whether you like the way the movie was filmed, if you hate the fake baby, or feel like it’s just another war movie, it still has addressed an issue that is not addressed nearly enough. For that reason and for Bradley Cooper’s incredible portrayal of sniper Chris Kyle, American Sniper is worthy of an Oscar.Junior Integrated Marketing Communications major and Psychology minor. Fan of Netflix and her smartphone.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!It's been nearly 12 years since The Princess Diaries 2 was released in theaters (does anybody else feel really old right now?) and we fell in love with Chris Pine. Despite Disney crushing our dreams of a third film, we're still hoping for a follow-up—and apparently we're not the only ones. In a recent Tumblr Q&A to promote his upcoming film (The Finest Hours), Chris spilled his thoughts on the possibility of Princess Diaries 3.During the Q&A, a fan asked him, "Don't you pray every night for a Princess Diaries 3??? BECAUSE I DO" and his response was too cute.So basically, Chris is totally on board for a third movie, and we would love to see him reprise his role as Nicholas Devereaux. Can somebody get started on a Princess Diaries 3 script ASAP? Until that day comes, we'll just be over here appreciating Chris Pine in an apron and fantasizing about how wonderful it would be to stare into his blue eyes. Olivia Singh is currently a junior at Hunter College in New York City, majoring in Media Studies.  Her concentration is Journalism and she is a Pop Culture Blogger for HerCampus.com.  Music, movies, television, and pop culture in general are her areas of expertise. She’s that one friend who knows just about every detail of the latest news story in the entertainment world.  Just think of her as your personal E! News correspondent.  Close friends rave about her storytelling skills, so she can only hope that other people will enjoy her writing as much as she enjoys telling a good story.  When she isn't scrolling through her plethora of social media sites, she can be found cuddling with her cat, playing the piano, obsessing over boybands, or eating a cupcake. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!