As a college student I’m always looking for ways to save money, no matter what it is that I need. Craiglist is a go-to site to check out discounts on used products, be they textbooks, a side table to put in your dorm, or a television. Unfortunately, Craigslist has kind of a bad rap, and it's not without good reason; we’ve all heard of the Craigslist Killer, right? Fear not, though. As long as you act smartly, Craigslist can be an excellent shopping tool!When my housemates and I decided to look into getting a television for our living room, I quickly turned to Craigslist after seeing how much even the cheapest brands were at Walmart. I was a little nervous, being both young and female, but I figured if we were smart about it it would be the best deal. Right? Right. At the end of the ordeal, we walked away with a 32" flatscreen with an internal DVD drive for $100. There were some sketchy instances before we got to that point, though.When browsing through the listings, be wary of every ad. Did they neglect to post what city they’re in? Are details inconsistent? Does anything at all about it make you uneasy? Skip over it. When you do decide to inquire about a product, be careful of the sellers’ responses. Sometimes the sales are scams, and the seller will claim that the item has been sold already but that you can get another one just like it by signing up for sites like beezid. Don’t do that! You have to pay to join in many cases and you need to pay for bids. If they try to jerk you around, change any details like price or what exactly it is they’re selling, back out.After you’ve made your negotiations and agreements, you need to agree upon a place to pick up your new product. If you’re buying something like a table or a book, request to meet in a highly public place during the day. If they are not willing to do so, peace out of that.With stuff like TVs it’s harder because, at least in my case, you want to make sure it works before paying up. First of all, if they’re not willing to show you that what you’re purchasing is in working order, do not go any further. It’s not worth wasting your time. If they accept that condition, make sure you let them know you’ll be bringing other people with you. Again, if that’s not acceptable then don’t go further. If it is, make sure you actually bring people with you.Even when it seems like the whole deal is going to be okay, you still want to be cautious. Let people know where you’re going. Send a friend the address and check in with them when you’re back in your car. When you’re back home with your brand new-to-you things, hold on to the e-mail or text exchanges, just in case. It’s not likely that anything will happen, but should it come back that whatever you purchased was stolen you want to be able to prove that you bought it off of somebody else and who that someone was.If you approach Craigslist transactions with care, you shouldn’t have any difficulties and you’re certain to save money on whatever it is you’re looking for! And if you’re lucky, you might get 20+ DVDs thrown in with your TV like we did!A 22-year-old Senior Biology major, Writing & Communcations minor with an appreciation for the following: emergency medicine, lipstick, the suburban mother wine culture, commas, musical theatre, and all things Taylor Swift. I'm incredibly proud to be Senior Editor of, and writer and social media manager for, a Gold level chapter, and to be advising eight others.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Name: Jonah OrtañezAge: 22Degree: Broadcast JournalismGraduation Year: May 2015Hometown: Fairfax, VAWhere are you now? New York CityWhat was your favorite thing about VCU? Two things: One was when you were able to swipe 3 chicken quesadillas at Taco Bell and the second thing would be FACT@VCU.How were you active at VCU? I was active through an organization called FACT@VCU. FACT made me go out to other organizations, made me talk to administration, and I learned about SGA. I also made a lot of friends in my classes so I felt like I was very active even outside of FACT.What did you learn from these experiences? I learned that  no one knows what they’re doing, not even me, not even people who are older than me, maybe administration knows what they’re doing, but  college kids, we’re all just figuring it out. What was the most important lesson you learned while in college?My sophomore year, I was Cultural Liaison for FACT@VCU and then I got elected External Vice President. After that my co-chair sat me down. Up to this point I thought I was doing well and no one had told me otherwise. I was a cocky young lad. She basically put me in check that I’m not all that. I learned from that experience and I learned that everyone’s on the same playing field. No one’s better than anyone else. Seniors aren’t better than freshmen because they know more; it’s not their fault for being born later! Talking with her really put things into perspective for me. It grounded me.In one sentence, what did FACT mean to you? I don’t think anyone will understand how much FACT means to me.When you were a student, what did you want to do after college? What are you doing now? I had no idea, all I knew was that I wanted to move to New York. Now I am a production intern at ABC, Lincoln Square Productions.What advice would you give yourself 4 years ago? Man, freshman year me was dumb. Well I’m still dumb though. I would tell myself to call my mom more because she missed me a lot.Who is your biggest role model? My biggest role models are Nerissa Lumban, Katie Fulton, Sharmaine Placides, and Kanye West.What do you consider your biggest accomplishment so far? Buying my first bed here in New York because I was surfing on couches for three months. When I bought my own bed, it felt like I had something. It was something I worked up to.What was the scariest thing about graduating? For me, it was being complacent where I was at home in Northern Virginia. My mom always made food, I just had to go home and clean the house- I didn’t have any responsibilities and even though it felt like paradise, I didn’t like that feeling. It scared me too much and that’s why I left on a whim to Puppy Paradise.How did you get there?I was applying to jobs for two months straight and I realized that I wasn’t going to get anywhere unless I moved. I realized that I wasn’t qualified for the jobs I was applying to yet. There was an open opportunity for a videographer position on Craigslist and I saw the address and I booked my bus ticket the next day and left. It was a videographer position for Puppy Paradise. I did the interview, I got it, and that same day I had to go back to Virginia, pack everything up and move to New York. I was working $60/day. It was horrible, but just being in New York, I was blessed just to have something that pays. Even if it wasn’t a good environment, I felt lucky to still be there.How did you get to ABC from there? I was actively looking for jobs and there was another Craigslist ad for a freelance video assistant position. I scored an interview for that and at the same time ABC messaged me that they were also interested and wanted an interview. On one special Monday I got a call that I got the Craigslist job and a few hours later, I got a call that I got the ABC job too. So that same day, I quit Puppy Paradise and collected my $30 from working half a day. I kept both jobs for a while, but eventually I only focused on working for ABC. They’ve actually just extended my internship until March when it was supposed to end in December. Through all of this, the support from back home kept me going. The memories I made from FACT and knowing that my family was there really helped me keep going. Also the K-pop group Girls Generation helped me keep going.What’s the next step for you? I want to stay at ABC because I love working there but my next step is to work harder to get that full-time job.21 || VBVA || Psychology || FACT@VCUAngie Ellorin is a senior at Virginia Commonwealth University. She is studying Psychology and eventually hopes to pursue a masters in Education. In her free time, Angie enjoy taking naps, watching Gossip Girl, and online shopping. She is the adopted mother of a beautiful African elephant named Elliot. Her favorite thing about Her Campus is meeting and being inspired by all the other empowering young women. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Spring break will be here before you know it, and you don't want to be stuck sitting at home while your friends are laid out on someone's island, soaking up the sun. It always helps to plan ahead for any trip, so you and your friends have your money, work schedules, outfits, and anything in between in order.Some of the biggest issues most college students run into include, the cost of travel, age limits on activities, and finding reasonably priced accommodations. While it seems over whelming at first, all it takes is a little web surfing to plan your perfect Spring Break get away.If you're worried about places to stay, be sure to check out websites like Airbnb, Travelocity, Trivago, and even Craigslist.Airbnb lets you stay with a host who gives their house up for the time you requested, for prices starting as low as $80 a night. You are able to see pictures of where you're staying, a list of house rules set by the owner, and read about any amenities they offer.Hotel sites like Travelocity and Trivago work very well, especially if you're looking for side by side comparisons of prices. These sites usually show deals hotel websites may not show, and Trivago gives you a comparision of prices from other sites like Travelocity and Expedia.Craigslist is another alternative if you're looking to save money, but just be sure you know your host and do some research on the area where you'll be staying. We know that there are some shady people out there, so be sure to protect yourself and your money before you fully commit to that one place.There are also websites that help you plan your entire trip from soup to nuts. One that I found is efcollegebreak.com, lets you choose everything from your trip date, departure location, destination, and season. From there it shows you a list of locations to choose from that match your preferences, and it gives you a detailed break down of the prices which include a round trip ticket, accommodations, and activities.Their trips are for destinations both in and out the country, and range from $1,500 - $3,000.  Destinations include Puerto Rico, Jamaica, England, and more. They even offer payment plans, and they have a sale going on until February 5, so if you're interested be sure to check it out!If going out of the country isn't on your agenda, the Travel section of U.S. News & World Report offers some great alternatives. On their list of top 10 places to visit for spring break, Daytona was ranked number 1 and Myrtle Beach was ranked number 5. Other great places to check out are Atlanta, Miami, Panama City, and Los Angeles.Once you figure out where you want to go, make sure you find events and other activities that you meet the age requirement for. Nothing is worse than planning a trip, making the decision to go to a club, bar, or party, and finding out that you have to be 21. There are always alternatives for those of us who haven't reached the rewarding age of being fully legal, so make sure you plan ahead to avoid any hiccups.Spring break is supposed to be your time to kick back, unwind, and relax from the work you've been doing all semester. Make it more stress free by doing your research, planning your trip together with your friends, and getting started as early as possible to make sure you get the best deals you can.Make sure that you stay on top of all your stuff, and don't forget to have fun with the process!  Ania is a charismatic, outgoing, fun loving individual with aspirations of owning her own public relations firm and earning her law degree. Her favorite shows are Spongebob, Regular Show, and Bob's Burgers, and she's a huge foodie. She is currently in her sophomore year at Hampton University and is working toward her Bachelors of Arts in Strategic Communications with a minor in Marketing and an Area of Emphasis in Spanish. Ania loves to talk and give advice to her friends and family; the motto that she lives by is to always be a blessing to others because you never know who may need it! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!With the weather freezing pretty much all the time, what's a more perfect way to treat yourself than to head to a concert by one of your favorite artists? Some of the best singers in the business are heading up to Northern California in the next few months, so grab your friends and enjoy a night out.Troye Sivan: 2/8 at Fox Theatre in OaklandTroye is relatively new to the music industry, but his EP released at the end of the summer made a big splash. The popular Australian Youtuber has even received attention from both Taylor Swift and Sam Smith.Rihanna: 2/28 at SAP Center in San JoseIt has been 3 years since Rihanna has released a new album, so fans are itching for her to make her way back to the spotlight. Her “Anti World Tour” will be kicking off in February, with the talented Travis Scott as the opening act. RiRi is famous for unapologetically staying true to herself, so you are guaranteed a great show!Animal Collective: 3/7 at Fox Theatre in OaklandAnimal Collective has a very unique sound that is not going to appeal to everyone. However, the experimental pop group has had a steady presence in the industry since their first album came out in 2000. Their concert is perfect for those looking to expand their musical horizons and meet some interesting people.Justin Bieber: 3/15 at Sleep Train Arena in SacramentoJustin has spent the last year both reinventing his image and gearing up for the release of his best album yet, Purpose. The songs from his album have sat at the top of the charts for weeks and his renewed dedication to his fans ensures his concert will be full of dancing and amazing music.Carrie Underwood: 4/10 at Oracle Arena in OaklandFor those who love country, Carrie Underwood is one of the most popular female singers in the genre. Carrie’s unique and powerful voice is unparalleled, and her girl-next-door personality will make her concert feel more like an intimate hang out session with your girls than a huge arena tour.Tickets for all shows can be purchased through Ticketmaster, but for the best deals we recommend you look on Craigslist or the UCD Buy and For Sale page on Facebook a week or two before the show. Often times people will be selling tickets for a fraction of the price and are willing to negotiate it even more. We hope you take the time to enjoy your favorite music live this quarter!  Brittney is a senior at the University of California, Davis in Northern Californa. Majoring in Communication and minoring in Education, she loves being able to use writing as a channel to give advice, share her favorite things, and talk about important issues. Her previous internships in blogging and social media have been the perfect stepping stone to being a part of the Her Campus team. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Whether you’re looking to get away from your classic “Netflix and Chill” night or searching for a flick that will really get you to think, a documentary can be a great choice for movie night. But how do you pick? Beyond the some of the better known features such as Blackfish and Supersize Me, there are many more smaller productions that are worthy of a look as well. Here I’ve compiled a list of five of the most compelling documentaries that you may not have heard of that I found both interesting and well done. Happy viewing, HCers! Hot Girls WantedThis film goes behind-the-scenes into the making of amateur porn and reveals some shocking truths about what life is like as a sex worker. Available for free on Netflix Streaming, this sad but true documentary follows a few girls who are recruited through Craigslist and are unknowingly sucked into the world of pornography. You can learn more about this groundbreaking feature here. The True CostAnother eye-opener, this documentary looks to educate the public on what goes into the making of all the cheap clothes we see here in America. With footage showing the realities behind this corrupt industry, viewers are able to see what the “true cost” of cheap clothing is on laborers, the economy, and the environment. Available for streaming on Netflix; learn more here. Girl ModelThis documentary looks into the world of modeling, specifically the recruitment of girls from small towns around the globe who are looking for an escape to a new life. Little do they know, the whole industry is corrupt and usually ends up leaving them worse-off than they were to begin with. This can be streamed on Netflix as well; learn more about it here. Rich HillThis film follows three boys and their families who are all struggling to make ends meet in Rich Hill, Missouri. A chilling look at the realities of “growing up poor”, this documentary sheds light on the difficulties families in poverty face and how hard it is to break the cycle. This can be streamed on Netflix; more info can be found here and here. Bully This documentary follows a few students who were severely bullied in their schools and how they have dealt with it. The footage shows just how cruel people can be to each other, and the tolls that bullying can take. This extremely important look into the lives of the victims of bullying can be seen on YouTube and other streaming sites, as well as on veoh.com. Learn more about the film here and here.  Image Credit: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6Hi! I'm a sophomore at the University of Pittsburgh majoring in communications and writing. This is my first year with Her Campus and I couldn't be more excited! I'm a pizza-loving cat mom with a chronic habit of napping from the Boston area. I enjoy spending time binge-watching netflix, snuggling, reading, writing, cooking, and hanging out with my friends. I'm looking forward to becoming increasingly involved with everything Her Campus over the remainder of the college career! Thanks for reading my articles and always feel free to contact me with feedback :)Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Name:  Guadalupe Elvira IbarraMajor/Minor: Sociology major and Spanish minorYear of Graduation:  Class of 2014!Hometown: Bellflower, CA  What are three things people should know about you?I love to travel because I like the feeling of being in a place where no one knows me. I’m really awkward and sometimes I do it on purpose... and I think too much!Fun Fact?I've hiked Huayna Picchu! What is your position at your current job?Program Coordinator for the District Attorney’s Office Sexual Assault Response Team for the Santa Barbara County!What exactly do you do?I coordinate between 21 agencies in the county which includes law enforcement, rape crisis center, district attorney, child welfare services, nurse examiners, child forensic interviewers, victim witness advocates, the department of justice, and crime lab to provided forensic medical exams to victims of sexual assault and forensic interviews for child abuse cases.How did you hear about it?Honestly, I found the job posting on Craigslist! I was looking through Craigslist and found the job posting on a Sunday evening, I emailed them that same day, got a response from them by Monday, scheduled an interview for Tuesday, a follow-up interview Thursday and by the following Monday I was hired.What are some challenges about your job?Some challenges are that I am a one-person office so I work alone the majority of the time. I do have co-workers on the SART team but I don't have immediate co-workers that I see everyday or see on a consistant bases. Also, it's challenging fostering a team atmosphere when everyone has their own agency that they belong to.What do you find most rewarding about your job?Being a part of a team that has a hand in providing resources to surviviors and helping them begin to heal. I love how my team works towards being able to prosecute and find justice within a system that isn’t always easy to navigate through.How long have you been working there?For a year and one month!Do you have any other jobs?Yes, I am an administrative manager at Crossfit. I manage member accounts, help with gym projects, marketing, and client retention. They say that without me they wouldn’t know what to do. *wink, wink*What do you miss most about UCSB?I miss not having to pay back my student loans! LOL. I miss being so close to so many friends and potential friends, the energy from student organizations, and events. I miss the supportive staffs that I have been a part of. And I miss my residents from San Miguel! What were you involved in while attending UCSB?My first year at UCSB I was in Hall Council for Santa Catalina, North Tower (Woot-Woot)! SCORE, Democratic Process Party, SIRRC, and for my second year, I was in the AS Legislative Council, RHA, CODE, HaU, and HU, and for my 3rd and 4th year I was an RA. Also, I was in an intramural soccer team that won first place for finals.Do you feel that your major/minor helps you in your current job in any way?Yes, because it gives me perspective of how to work with the different agencies and different systems in place in favor of the population I cater to.What do you miss about IV?I miss all the food locations! Yeah, I miss the food.How do you like living in SB?I love it because there are so many events that go on, festivals, live music and food and the beach is still really close to where I live - only two blocks away!Any plans for the future?I plan to stay 2-3 years in my current job and stay in Santa Barbara to pursue a career in law enforcement and then eventually switch gears and work on a college campus through student affairs.Any advice you would give to students at UCSB struggling to finish their undergrad?Don’t let your pride get in the way of asking for help, be aware and actually utilize campus resources like CAPS, CLAS, EOP, office hours for professors and making connections with them because a lot of them are really great people who actually want to help students. Life quote you live by:I always try to live by the idea that everybody has their own truth and things to offer so I always try to live with an open mind and open heart.Whats your spirit animal?I’m going to say it’s a caterpillar. I’m a foodie, I like food! And the changes a caterpillar goes through to become a butterfly is just like how I am! I’m all about process and going through experiences. Also, because I’d like to fly! Elizabeth is a 4th year Student at UC Santa Barbara. Currently majoring in English and minoring in Labor Studies. Elizabeth enjoys eating lunch and dinner around town with her friends, binge watching shows on Netflix, and writing for her personal blog. Best described as: coffee lover, bookworm, and Harry Potter fanatic. See what Elizabeth is up to on Instagram @lizzz_veee and on Twitter @MissElizabethLV. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!University of Central Florida has more savings and opportunities to offer than what our school and student government brings to the table. Student run Facebook groups like these are a new venue for awesome savings and a bulletin board of opportunities for the UCF community!UCF CraigslistThis group is definitely a great resource for finding and selling pretty much anything and everything. Like the name suggests it’s pretty much a Craigslist group, but it’s run by UCF students and offers are from UCF students for UCF students. This takes out the sketchiness of meeting with strangers. You can meet up with students on campus and exchange all sorts of goods!  Free & For SaleAs the name suggests on this page, anything free and for sale is posted here, pretty much like the Craigslist group there is a wide range of items posted on here daily. Recently seen on here, a guy with some extra cash looking for some good karma hid a $100 bill in a book in library with some clues for anyone to find. Unfortunately no one found it, but he donated it to the homeless. Posts like this have been seen periodically and who can pass up free money? UCF Textbook ExchangeInstead of heading to the infamously expensive UCF Bookstore at the beginning of next semester, check out this page before paying full price for your textbooks. Most students are just looking to get the best return on their books. With all the book stores offering $5 for the book you originally spent $100 on, you might find someone willing to work with you on price. Definitely a great resource to save some money!TIP: Ask your teacher if you’re able to use an older edition of the textbook, they usually have the exact same content. Students that have the older versions might sell for SUPER cheap (or free) because no bookstore will buy it back and they just want it off their bookshelf. Jobs & InternshipsAfter heading to the Office of Experiential Learning head to this page for the latest student postings of jobs and internships around Orlando. If you’re just looking for a part time job to get you through the holidays, someone here might know of a job out there for you, just ask! Students in this group are more than willing to let you know of a position they know of or somewhere that’s looking for someone like you!Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus! Happy Passover readers! In this weeks “Rachel’s Top 5 BuzzFeed Articles of the Week” features Justin Timberlake, chocolate and Craigslist. Enjoy Collegiettes1)Watch Justin Timberlake Take 5 Shots of Tequila In Under 10 MinutesIf Justin Timberlake went to Bentley, he would have been the hottest, most talented man on campus, instead he is that for Hollywood. While being interviewed for The Jonathan Ross Show he and Jonathan Ross took 5 shots each in under 10 minutes, played mini-golf and listened to JT’s music. The tipsy duo is a must see.Senior at Bentley University. Social Media Co-Chair and Writer. Marketing Major with a focus in Advertising. Intense love for commercials and clothesDo you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!We all know that when we head back to our respective campuses at the start of the school year, there is a bit of an adjustment period to being back in the academic, semi-adult environment that is college. And for some reason, it seems like HBO's hit show, “Girls” just gets it.Like when you're trying to furnish your crappy college apartment with garbage you found on Craigslist (or the dumpster outside).Or when you finally reconnect with you friends after a summer of being apart, and all you want to do is dance and hug.They even understand that weird circumstance when you're listening to your roommate's stories from the summer and wondering if she's a compulsive liar or if her life is that much cooler than yours.Then for us, classes start and you decide that you're actually going to get a head start on the semester by doing your homework before the deadline, reading your notes, and actually studying at normal hours instead of cramming at the last minute.Somehow despite your intentions, you revert back to your unhealthy college diet of binge eating in the middle of the night, or even worse, going days without eating to finish your homework on time.To compensate for your suddenly poor eating habits, you convince yourself you're going to exercise, until you remember that you absolutely hate running.And before you know it, while you've been trying to keep on top of school work, the job fairs sneak up on you. Unprepared, you end up talking to recruiters anyway and getting confused about what they're talking to you about, because all you can seem to think about is food.So you start questioning everything you're doing with your life.You sit around and wonder exactly how you're supposed to spend another day doing homework and sitting in lectures when you really want to be out in the real world doing something more worth while. But then eventually you realize that you're getting through it, and that you are more capable than you give yourself credit for. Not everyone is capable of getting through college, but you're kicking butt and when you get out some of your most amazing memories will be of this place you call home for four years. Thank you Girls for getting what it is to be, well, a girl. And good luck to everyone in their first few weeks of the new year. Remember to enjoy it while it lasts! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!You know that old sweater you used to love? The one that still looks great, but just isn’t you anymore? You could let it sit in the back of your closet gathering dust, or you could give it (and your budget) a new life by selling it to someone else!Let’s face it — whether living in a cramped dorm room, in a modest apartment or at home with your folks, most collegiettes have a thing or two they’d like to purge, and they’d also like to make some money doing it. But selling your things can be frustrating. Online venues like craigslist are popular but sometimes sketchy, and you probably aren’t selling enough items to host a full-blown garage sale. That’s why we’re here to fill you in on some other ways to sell your things, as recommended by deal-seeking collegiettes like you!One great way to sell your things is to look up consignment stores (businesses that buy and sell secondhand clothing and other items) in your area. Becoming a seller at most consignment stores is pretty simple: Bring all the items you’d like sell to the store in person, and then an employee will look through your items and decide which pieces the store will purchase and for how much. It’s important to get a feel for the kind of items each consignment store generally buys and sells, otherwise you might leave with handfuls of unwanted stuff and empty pockets.With locations in the United States and Canada, Plato’s Closet is a popular choice among collegiettes who want to sell their pre-loved clothing and accessories.Alyssa Opdyke, a junior at Fordham University, recommends Plato’s Closet but warns that the store can be picky. “Clothes … have to be super trendy usually, or they won't even take them,” Alyssa says. “But you can get decent money if you have good stuff.”Specifically, Plato’s Closet asks for current, name-brand fashion pieces that have been gently used, so don’t bother taking a blouse here that you’ve been hoarding for the past few years. If you think your closet has what it takes, then give it a shot! You could walk away with some quick cash.Take your gently used current and vintage styles to Buffalo Exchange, another consignment store that works a lot like Plato’s Closet. Buffalo Exchange takes retro styles, not just the latest fashions like Plato’s Closet does, but they do ask for quality clothing and accessories in great shape. They also ask that you call your local store ahead of time to see what they’re looking to buy. Although Buffalo Exchange can be a bit picky as well, you can make a great sale if you know what the store is looking for. Plus, Buffalo Exchange donates five cents to a charity of the customer’s choice for every bag refused by the customer, so you can become part of a worthy cause.Hannah Rupp, thrifter and fashion blogger at An Old Story, a secondhand-style blog, says that ideally she sells at consignment stores like Plato’s Closet and Buffalo Exchange as well as independent local sellers before heading online.“You get to talk to a real person, know where your stuff is going, and, in most cases, you get payout on the spot,” Rupp says. “It’s a great option for someone who doesn’t have time to wait around on the Internet!”Don’t think that consignment stores only buy clothing and accessories. Some stores, like Half Price Books, buy pre-loved books, movies, music and other tech. Selling to Half Price Books works just like selling to other consignment stores: Show up at a store with your items, and the staff will make you a cash offer depending on the condition of and demand for the stuff you’re trying to sell. Plus, they donate thousands of books to nonprofits each year!You’re always hearing about craigslist and eBay, but there are so many more websites and apps dedicated to helping you sell your secondhand treasures. These venues make selling convenient (you can do it from home!) and virtually hassle-free.Poshmark is a fabulous virtual alternative to a traditional consignment store if you’re looking to sell gently used clothing, shoes and accessories. This app, available for free for Apple and Android phones, lets you create an account, post items you’d like to sell and engage with buyers. Although the app takes 20 percent commission from any sale of $15 or more and a flat fee of $2.95 from smaller sales, Poshmark sends you a prepaid shipping label whenever you sell an item, taking a lot of pain out of the shipping process.Lindsay Wallman, a senior at The College of New Jersey, swears by Poshmark. “[It] is an awesome app that is 100 percent trustworthy and is perfect for selling your extra clothes, shoes and accessories,” she says. “I have had a great deal of success with it and have even found some awesome items for myself!”Melissa Tierney, fashion blogger at MissyOnMadison.com and deal-seeker, says that she particularly likes Poshmark for its unique interactive features.“Rather than eBay, where you are just buying and selling items, Poshmark has 'parties' daily that have specially curated style picks from users 'closets' based on the theme of that party,” Tierney says. “For example, a month ago I was asked to host a 'Fall Forward' party on the app, so I went around for two hours and shared fall pieces from my closet as well as fellow Poshers’, and usually that leads to sales because those pieces grab users’ attention!”With its easy-to-use interface and fashionable community, it’s not hard to see how selling for Poshmark can feel like a fun game!Twice is another website and app where you can sell your pre-loved clothes and accessories. Twice works like a long-distance consignment store: You send all the clothes you want to sell to them, and they give you an offer for the entire package, which you can choose to accept or reject.But get this — Twice covers the shipping for you in one of two ways. You can print out your prepaid shipping label (think Poshmark), or you can request a free selling kit that will arrive at your address in under a week complete with a prepaid shipping label. Plus, if your package gets lost in transit, it’s insured for up to $100.After you ship your package, Twice will make you an offer within the one week. Then, you can choose regular payment (check, PayPal or Venmo) or store credit. If you reject the offer, you owe Twice $4.95 to cover shipping your package back.Rupp has had some serious success with Twice. “[It was] easy to use, paid for shipping both ways (and included a free mailing bag for my clothes!) and only took about two to four weeks to get a payout,” she says.Twice is looking for stain-free, current items (less than five years old) from top brands. Send over clothes from brands like Gap, American Eagle and J.Crew, but don’t bother with anything from Forever 21 or H&M. If you have top-notch clothes in great condition, Twice is perfect fit for you.Gazelle buys used smartphones, tablets, iPods, computers and more. The site gives you a free offer taking into account the type of device and its condition. For example, an iPhone 5 in good condition (with no significant cracks but not brand new) can earn you around $150 depending on its storage capacity and carrier.Unlike Poshmark, Gazelle sellers don’t directly interact with their customers. An online community isn’t right for everyone, so if you’re looking for just a quick sale, Gazelle could be the venue for you.“It is easy, gives you a fair price and allows you not to have to interact directly with a buyer like eBay or craigslist does,” says Kathryn Balben, a first-year at the University of Virginia who has had success selling her MacBook and iPhone with Gazelle.Gazelle also covers shipping for items valued at over $1 and pays out relatively quickly after the team inspects your gadget: from three to five business days for an online payment through PayPal or up to 10 business days for a mailed check.When you’re thinking of selling your things, don’t take for granted the community you interact with every day. If you’ve got a decent online following already, then you might not need to look any further than your favorite social networking sites.If you’re active on Facebook, you probably belong to a few groups. These can be great tools for selling, especially groups for college students. Universities often have “Free and for Sale” or “Exchange” Facebook groups where you can buy and sell items from your classmates. This is a super convenient way to sell all kinds of things because you can easily meet up with your buyer on campus and you’re typically not limited to what you can sell.But what if you college doesn’t have “Free and for Sale” group? No worries — you can always post on a common interest group (think clubs and organizations) or even your class group (for example, “Vanderbilt Class of 2015”).Many collegiettes recommend selling on Facebook pages, including Georgia College junior Emily Ward. “[On Georgia College’s page] people post pictures and usually have really great luck,” Emily says. “You can buy anything from a rug to Lilly Pulitzer shorts to a taxidermy animal!”This is an especially great option if you’re selling concert tickets, textbooks or anything else you know your peers will love.If you don’t want to limit your customer base to just university students, you might want to try selling on Instagram. Post a picture and description of what you’d like to sell on your Instagram account and collect payments via PayPal. You can find more detailed instructions here.If you use Instagram to sell items, be cautious. Make sure that you secure your payment before shipping your items, and don’t agree to meet anyone outside of a public space.Social media, shopping apps and consignment stores have made it easier than ever to make some fast cash off of your used items. The options listed above are just a few of the many fantastic ways you can sell your things, so don’t settle for craigslist and eBay just because they get the most hype!What could be better than getting rid of the clutter and making money doing it? Dust off that old sweater (or iPod, or textbook) and start selling! And, hey, odds are you’ll find a bargain purchase or two along the way. Kathryn is a senior at Vanderbilt University pursuing a B.A. in English. She has successfully kept her dorm-plant alive since freshman year.
Check her out on Instagram: http://instagram.com/katwill436 Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!