Student Alumni Association members are invited to the O-Club in Gallagher-Iba Arena prior to the men's Bedlam basketball game.Attendees at this exclusive event will enjoy free food and first pick of seats fifteen minutes prior to doors being open to the public. Drawings will also be held in the O-Club for an opportunity to pick up a member-only BEAT OU T-shirt.Bring your spirit to cheer the Cowboys on against OU!Hannah Littlefield is on her 2nd semester as a Campus Correspondent at Oklahoma State University. She also writes for CollegeFashionista and her personal blog, fefifofhannah.comIf she's not flipping through fashion magazines, or scrolling through her favorite blogs, she's reading, or shopping with friends. She plans to visit New York City over Spring Break, and Greece after her college graduation in May. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!We collegiettes LOVE social media--but that doesn't mean we take it lightly. From Facebook creeping to coming up with the perfect Instagram caption, we spend a lot of time online, so mistakes are inevitable. If you haven't made one of these social media mistakes, trust us, you will. 1. Liking a Photo from Weeks Ago (or Months Ago….. Or Years Ago)Often a consequence of Facebook stalking, this social media struggle is all too familiar to many of us. By Facebook stalking, we mean creeping on our crush’s profile page, scouring to get a good look at any and all photos, when accidently we like a pic from eons ago, ultimately signaling to our crush that we have been creeping.We wish we had never gone on the page to begin with.2. Finding the Perfect Selfie AngleTrying to achieve the perfect selfie is an art form and in order to create a beautiful masterpiece that even Kim K herself would be at awe at, it takes work. Trying to find the perfect angle can be physically exhausting, and after about 150 of the same pictures stored in your camera roll, your arm is screaming for a break.Might be time to break down and just go for the selfie stick. 3. Picking an Instagram FilterWith Instagram, we are looking for the most gorgeous way to share our photos, and picking just the right filter can mean the difference between your best Instagram pic or a photo that should never have been shared in the first place.The struggle between Valencia and Nashville is so real.4. Facebook Profile Pic Not Getting Enough LikesAfter trying to find the perfect angle for that selfie, we may decide to make it our Facebook profile picture, hoping it will receive rave reviews. However, when we post it, the amount of likes is disappointing, especially after five hours have passed by and there have only been five likes. That's when you message your besties to go like it so people don't think you're lame. 5. Mixing Up Your Passwords for Different Social Media SitesWhen there are so many different social networking sites, it can be hard to make sure that you didn’t enter your Facebook password into your Pinterest log-in or put your Twitter username into your Instagram log-in. Even though you click the “Remember Me” checkbox when you log-in to your networking sites, when it expires, it means disaster.6. Tweeting the Wrong Tweet Your social media followers are not the world’s greatest therapists, so tweeting that not-so-subliminal tweet after you just had a fight with a friend is not a good idea, because once something is on the Internet, it can’t be taken back. And, even if it is deleted, chances are at least one person saw your mean tweet.So you start rapidly retweeting everything in sight to push the offending Tweet down. 7. Not Being Able to Fit Everything into 140 CharactersWe’ve all seen Twitter & Instagram essays from some of our friends and even our fave celebs, however, when we become the person who needs and wants to rant, the inability to send one tweet out with all we need to say becomes the most frustrating thing imaginable. Especially when it is just one letter from letting us Tweet! Did we miss any? Let us know in the comments, collegiettes! Keana is a sophomore at Bryn Mawr College in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania and News Blogger/Viral Content Writer for Her Campus. An aspiring English major, Keana has completed journalism opportunities at KYW Newsradio 1060, WHYY and the Philadelphia Inquirer. Currently serving as Historian for Sisterhood, Bryn Mawr's black affinity group, Keana often winds down by singing, reading, watching TV, admiring Beyoncé and eating, whilst also regretting not taking advantage of the precious nap times one is afforded in pre-school. Keana can be connected with on Twitter or Instagram.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!If you have spent at least one full year at Northeastern University… or in my case four (cue the quarter life crisis), then you probably already are cynical about our school’s ability to handle certain student situations. No, I’m not talking about how students take part in the “NU shuffle,” or compete for on-campus housing, or fight their way into a full class. I’m referring to how Northeastern manages myNEU and big student events- two things that go together like Lorelai Gilmore and her mother… and by that they don’t.If you know anything about Northeastern, then you already know at least three things about this year’s Homecoming: Tickets were going on sale at 9 p.m. and I desperately wanted one, so I decided to prepare for the heavy traffic. Here is my dramatic timeline of events:8:30 PM: I had the myNEU tab open and credit card on hand.8:50 PM: myNEU crashed. Are you serious? It’s not even 9 p.m. yet.9:00 PM: I angrily refresh the login page until I finally manage to log in… after 20 minutes.9:20 PM: I access myTickets and get sent to a “virtual waiting room.” I “virtually waited” for 30 minutes, unable to use my computer for anything else in fear I would lose my “virtual spot.”9:50 PM: I become ecstatic as my turn comes (finally!!), but then my session expires. I login, thinking myNEU will pick up where it left off… not. It seems myNEU had short-term memory when it forgot I had been waiting for half an hour and made me start the whole process all over again. Seriously?9:55 PM: I am once again in the “virtual waiting room.” It feels like I am in a cycle of torture that will never allow me to get Amy tickets. I can’t be alone in this, so I decide to check social media on my phone and see if other students are sharing my misery.Turns out, my situation was pretty common. Students were posting in the event’s Facebook page about experiencing similar issues, and Northeastern’s Council for University Programs (CUP) was urging students to be patient. Patient? In a time of crisis? I think not. On Twitter, some users decided to be funny and accuse Amy of exploding myNEU. But seriously though, this is not a laughing matter. I need my Amy ticket.10:10 PM: The cycle of torture continues. I switch off between waiting, my session expiring, login back in, virtually waiting and finally accessing myTickets… only to have my session expire again. Tickets are probably sold out by now, but I have to persevere. Amy is worth it.10:30 PM: I finally make it to the purchasing page (I think I might cry). There are only balcony tickets left. I put in all this effort to only have the option of a balcony ticket? You know what, it doesn’t matter anymore, I’ll take it. I just want to see Amy.And this is how I finally managed to acquire a balcony ticket to see Amy Schumer. Yes, there is humor in the story, but in all seriousness, how is it possible that one of US News’ top 50 schools has such an outdated student portal? It took me an hour and a half to purchase a single student ticket for a college event. This seems outrageous and unnecessary. I could have been doing other things with my time, such as studying for my upcoming midterm (oops). And don’t think this is an isolated incident, myNEU experienced similar problems when students tried to purchase tickets for Kid Cudi’s 2013 Spring Fest concert.I am sure Northeastern has the resources and capacity to revamp myNEU, let’s face it, we have a hideous student portal. I am not a computer scientist, but it doesn’t take one to know myNEU could use an update. The Amy Schumer glitch has been a very frustrating one, but it’s not myNEU’s only problem. The portal is oftentimes slow and repetitive, has a confusing and cluttered layout and sessions expire unnecessarily. Maybe the Amy Schumer glitch can instigate an effort to improve myNEU. Surely the administration will be aware of this problem and acknowledge that it is unacceptable for a top-tier university to have a second-rate student portal. Right? Until that time comes, I will be “virtually waiting” for myNEU to get itself together. At least I have Amy Schumer to look forward to. Nature-loving Puerto Rican feminist who enjoys good movies, red lipstick, and one-too-many glasses of wineDo you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Finals are just around the corner. Instead of cramming for finals, it’s best to start preparing now. Below are study habits that I’ve used and have worked for me. (Image via dukeo.com)1. Out of Sight, Out of Mind: When studying, it’s best to put your phone away. It's too easy to get distracted when you get a notification. Plus, it’s tempting to check your phone every 15 minutes when it’s right in front of you. So mute your phone and put it away.2. Create a fixed timetable schedule, not just a to-do list: Have you ever found yourself waking up on a Saturday morning thinking you have the whole day ahead of you? But after breakfast comes restocking on groceries, then the gym, or heading out for pre-arranged dinner plans.Instead of simply writing a to-do list, create a timetable for each task. You can even allocate time for breakfast and getting ready. For example, 9-10 a.m. is breakfast and getting ready. 10-12 p.m. will be homework, 12:30-2:30 p.m. is gym time and showering, 3 p.m. will be buying groceries, and 3:30-6:30 p.m. is reserved for studying at the library.3. When multitasking becomes ineffective: It may seem like you’re saving time by juggling a TV show, reading an article on your laptop, and checking your phone, but in fact, your brain does not have the capacity to absorb that much information at once. Instead concentrate on one task at a time.4. Keep to one tab at a time. Switching between multiple tabs on the computer breaks up your focus because you lose concentration on the sole task that you are supposed to be doing (such as an essay) when you have Facebook open. Also, it helps if you do not have auto login for social media websites. It’s so tempting to just click on a new tab and type the words "facebook," but you’ll find yourself scrolling aimlessly on your feed for 15 minutes. You click on an article or a video and before you know it, an hour has passed by.5. Break your studying time into sections: It’s been said that people cannot study for longer than 90 minutes at a time; so set a timer, and hit the books! Setting a timer holds you accountable.Good luck on finals!  Avid reader pursing a career in marketing/public relations and hopes to write a book someday! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Just a friendly reminder for all you seniors out there to apply for the year's must-attend (seriously, though) event-- graduation! Along with hummus, coffee, and Jon Hamm, Claudia's interests also include writing.  She wishes to pursue a career in the editorial world and has experienced several previous editorial internships.  She is currently studying Media, Culture and Communications at N.Y.U. along with an Italian minor. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!HCUBC sat down with Qiming Fang, co-founder of the new app, Taylr. Taylr is an app designed to help you expand your social and professional network here at UBC. If you want to get to know your classmates better and find an authentic community, Taylr is a perfect app for you!Based on your interests, Taylr matches you up with other students from around campus. The first step to being a member of the Taylr community is creating your profile. Your profile can include what your interests are, where you’re from, links to your other social accounts such as Facebook and Instagram, and any other information that you would like the UBC community to know. After completing your profile, Taylr will send you one introduction of someone from around campus each day based on your similar interests and will explain what connections you share. For example, someone with #Gage in their profile would be connected with someone else with the same hashtag.If you’re connected with someone that you find interesting, you can send them a fun video message as your first hello! While chat is also available for your use, Taylr encourages video message as its primary mode of communication. Once matched, you can start creating meaningful connections with your UBC community.What sets Taylr apart from the other apps out there? While it can be hard to differentiate between real and fake accounts on other apps, Qiming says that a key attribute of Taylr is its authenticity. Because a UBC campus wide login (CWL) is required to join the app, Taylr assures that only real UBC students are members. In addition, the links to other social accounts on each member’s profile and video communication allows Taylr users to better verify the real person behind the account. On Taylr, users can be assured that the person they’re talking to is really the person who they think it is. Qiming says that he wishes he could have used an app like Taylr back when he was a university student. After graduating from Cornell University in 2013, Qiming says that he read about a couple of his classmates in the news working on cool projects and that he wished he could have known these classmates while attending school. Inspired by this wish, Qiming co-founded Taylr as a way to help other students branch out on campus and make more connections.Since Taylr is only currently available to UBC students, Qiming and his co-founder Tony strongly encourage feedback and are eager to talk about the app. If you happen to see the Taylr team at a booth in the Nest, or partnering with an entrepreneurship club on campus, make sure to say hello and to get more information on the app!For more information on the app, check out Taylr’s promotional site, Facebook page, and become a member of Taylr’s website so that you can stay updated about any events that Taylr is hosting in the future. This Friday, November 20th, Taylr is hosting its first party of the year at Koerner’s Pub on Campus starting at 9pm. If you’re 19+, make sure to go check it out!The Taylr app is available for IOS on the App Store.   Emily Morehead is a third-year Honours Political Science major and a Gender, Race, Sexuality and Social Justice minor. She hopes to pursue law in the future and run for office someday. Emily loves taking long hikes up mountains, traveling to new places, and obsessing over cute corgis. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Tis’ the season to be on a budget!
 
It’s the holidays and some of us are low on cash after the Black Friday madness, white elephant gift exchanges and presents bought for our friends and family. Every time I hit the mall, I can hear my conscience say, “Put that DVD down, you should be shopping for others, not for you!” Well Colligiettes, there is a solution to that problem and it’s a nifty website called Stuff Pal . 
 
StuffPal  is a free online media sharing application that allows people to catalog and show-off their collection of DVDs, books and videogames to their Facebook friends who are also on StuffPal. Think of it like a library but filled with your friends’ collections of media.
 
Users can request to borrow items their friends have cataloged.  This lending-borrowing system allows us to go green by reducing our personal consumption.  In the long-run it saves the environment because it reduces the demand for resources, most of which will eventually end up as waste in a landfill.
 
Just imagine the amount of money you can save by borrowing items from your friends instead of purchasing more and more new items, especially when the new quarter rolls around and it’s time to buy textbooks.
 
But don’t take our word for it, check it out for yourself!  Visit StuffPal.com and login using their built-in Facebook login feature. Once you’ve signed-up for free just type in the DVDs, books, videogames you own and are willing to lend to your friends, then invite your Facebook friends to use StuffPal and begin borrowing and lending.
 
 
Let us know in the comments section if you think StuffPal will help
you out financially and help the environment!
www.facebook.com/stuffpalDo you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!The brains behind McGill's Desautels Fashion Business Uncovered are back with their annual conference!This year, the focus is on the international fashion business, and they’ve assembled a stellar lineup of speakers (think reps from Aldo, Dynamite, and Vince Camuto) to give you the ins and outs of the ever-changing, international, and face-paced fashion industry. The cherry on top? A networking event to cap off the conference that will give you the opportunity to mingle with Canada’s key players in fashion.Click attending, buy a ticket, and you might even find get your foot in the door for a job in the industry! Tickets are available here for $50, and their tabling hours in Bronfman are posted regularly on their Facebook page.Her Campus McGill will be live tweeting the event, so be sure to follow us on Twitter!  Images from the FBU Facebook Page.   Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Come learn about women in the music industry in Philadelphia! Several panelists will be there to discuss challenges that women face in the music industry and to answer questions.Link to Facebook event: http://www.hercampus.com/school/u-penn/shifting-gaze-women-music-panelLydia Roberts is a junior at the University of Pennsylvania.  She is majoring in Communication and minoring in Gender, Sexuality, and Women's Studies, and also in French Studies.  She is an enthusiastic member of an a capella group at Penn and has a affinity for sour gummy candy. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Follow HCND on Twitter, like us on Facebook, Pin with us and show our Instagram some love!. Image: 1 Katie is a sophomore living in Lewis Hall. She is a double major in Music (Vocal Performance) and Anthropology with an Italian minor. Besides writing for HCND, she is involved with Opera Notre Dame, Lewis Hall Council and the choir for Lewis Dorm Mass. Other interests include playing piano, baking, reading, Doctor Who, Harry Potter, and streaming Met Opera on Demand (like Netflix for opera). Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!