Follow HCND on Twitter, like us on Facebook, Pin with us and show our Instagram some love!. Image: 1 Katie is a sophomore living in Lewis Hall. She is a double major in Music (Vocal Performance) and Anthropology with an Italian minor. Besides writing for HCND, she is involved with Opera Notre Dame, Lewis Hall Council and the choir for Lewis Dorm Mass. Other interests include playing piano, baking, reading, Doctor Who, Harry Potter, and streaming Met Opera on Demand (like Netflix for opera). Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Come learn about women in the music industry in Philadelphia! Several panelists will be there to discuss challenges that women face in the music industry and to answer questions.Link to Facebook event: http://www.hercampus.com/school/u-penn/shifting-gaze-women-music-panelLydia Roberts is a junior at the University of Pennsylvania.  She is majoring in Communication and minoring in Gender, Sexuality, and Women's Studies, and also in French Studies.  She is an enthusiastic member of an a capella group at Penn and has a affinity for sour gummy candy. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!The brains behind McGill's Desautels Fashion Business Uncovered are back with their annual conference!This year, the focus is on the international fashion business, and they’ve assembled a stellar lineup of speakers (think reps from Aldo, Dynamite, and Vince Camuto) to give you the ins and outs of the ever-changing, international, and face-paced fashion industry. The cherry on top? A networking event to cap off the conference that will give you the opportunity to mingle with Canada’s key players in fashion.Click attending, buy a ticket, and you might even find get your foot in the door for a job in the industry! Tickets are available here for $50, and their tabling hours in Bronfman are posted regularly on their Facebook page.Her Campus McGill will be live tweeting the event, so be sure to follow us on Twitter!  Images from the FBU Facebook Page.   Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Her Campus uOttawa will be hosting our fourth annual Capital Catwalk Charity Fashion Show is support of the Ottawa Regional Cancer Foundation. Join us for a night of fashion, marketplace, food, love, and support!Check out our Facebook page for details on prices, desingners, and event details!Tickets are availible online or in person for purchase! Message us on our Facebook page to buy in person or in buk!Hurry though! We're running low!Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!As part of Shakespeare at ND, Caesar Must Die follows a group of prison inmates as they put on a performance of Julius Caesar.Visit this page for more information and tickets.Images: 1Follow HCND on Twitter, like us on Facebook, Pin with us, and show our Instagram some love! Hey, I'm Sabrina! I'm a freshman at ND repping PDub and hoping to study Neuroscience and FTT concentrating in film. I'm from the outskirts of Charlotte, North Carolina, and I'm involved with the indie film community in NC as an actor. I also enjoy ballet/tap dancing, concerts, Shakespeare, and coffee. In my free time I either go to the movies and order an extra-large popcorn all for myself, or force my friends to watch re-runs of America's Next Top Model with me. Above all, I'm incredibly excited to call Notre Dame my home! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!A message from Aly Formichella, Cofc Grad:So this year, I’m ringing in 24 in the same way by continuing to spread Random Acts of Kindness and I need YOUR help!To help me celebrate all I'm asking is that instead of presents, cards or posts on Facebook, you celebrate my special day by making someone else’s. Take pictures or videos and share your Random Act of Kindness across Facebook, Instragram, Twitter or any other type of social media with the hashtag #AlysDayOfKindess so that we can see what an impact we've made at the end of the day and continue pass it on! Last year, most of you just texted me with your Random Act of Kindess with a description or picture which is totally fine too!So, this year is a little bit different. I'm hoping to receive a picture/description/video from ALL 50 states of someone completing a Random Act of Kindness! Can we do it? Please share this event to help get those from across the world involved!Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Need something to do in your first week back on campus? Rough syllabus? Come see all of UConn's improv troupes perform in a night of comedy greatness! Admission is FREE!! We hope to see you there!Check out the Facebook event page for more information on performing acts.Nikki is the Vice President and Editorial/Tech Assistant for Her Campus UConn.  She is a junior majoring in Communication.  Nikki wishes she was Beyoncé, eats more pasta than is probably recommended, and is a Ravenclaw at heart.  Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Satisfy your sweet tooth at Montreal's fifth annual chocolate festival, “Je t’aime en chocolat” (which translates to “I love you in chocolate”) from Friday February 5th to Sunday February 7th!Entrance and activities at the event are free, leaving you with maximum money to spend on chocolate. At the festival, you’ll be able to indulge in every kind of chocolate, crêpe, macaron, or treat you can imagine at the chocolate market, and see demos, learn recipes, sip cocktails, and enjoy a chocolate fashion show.The festival's hours are Friday from 12pm-8pm, and Saturday and Sunday from 10am-6pm. Check out the Facebook event for more details! Image from Je t'aime en chocolat's Facebook. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Stop by West Quad for an evening of music, fellowship, and reconcilliation. Students can stay for as short or as long as they desire.Follow HCND on Twitter, like us on Facebook, Pin with us and show our Instagram some love!Image: 1 Madeline is a Junior Computer Science & Psychology dual-degree student from a farm in Iowa. When she's not studying in her Welsh Fam dorm room, she enjoys eating overpriced chips and salsa from the Huddle, practicing for a non-existent "American Idol" audition on her ukulele, and spending an embarrassing amount of time searching for a new Netflix series to commit to. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Do you ever wonder how word even got around before social media? Did women really go on dates without knowing what the guy looked like first? Were couples actually official if Facebook didn't say so? If you’ve ever asked yourself these questions, it’s a pretty safe bet you’ll recognize these 17 signs you're a certified social media stalker.Uh, have you checked Facebook lately?Wow, how did I get here?Finding out who Justin Bieber is dating is much more important than organic chemistry.Oh no she didn't.Are you sure you're a real person?I'm going to act like that did not just happen.I can't decide if I like you until I see your high school photos from 10th grade.Yeah, we'll just see about that.All about those connections.Can I just be you, Adele?So your profile said you're from Canada?Who actually uses a calendar anymore?Why do bad things happen to good people?Who's this super pretty blonde girl that just liked your new pic?!Private accounts are a total buzz kill.Reliable likers are the best kind of people.Seriously, put it on your resume. Rachael David is currently a senior at Penn State University and serves as the Campus Correspondent for Her Campus Penn State. She is majoring in public relations and minoring in psychology. Her love of creative writing and all things Penn State is what inspired her to become a member of the HC team in the fall of 2013. Her background experience includes working for the Undergraduate Admissions Office at Penn State as a social media intern in the spring of 2014 and is currently working as a social media intern for an internet marketing company in Harrisburg called WebpageFX. This past summer she also served as a PR intern for Tierney Communications. Rachael enjoys anything media related especially catching up on her favorite shows, including Saturday Night Live and any show on Food Network. She has a passion for food but also loves being active and spending her free time running or hiking. She hopes to gain more experience in all aspects of the media industry during college and plans on pursuing a career writing for a life & style publication in the future.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!