Last week saw the release of one of the most highly anticipated video games of the year: “Fallout 4.” On its surface, “Fallout 4” is a post-apocalyptic role-playing game (RPG) where the player assumes the role of a cryogenically frozen survivor of a nuclear war. The player awakes into the world being changed into a vast wasteland full of radiation, danger, plot and intrigue. At its core, “Fallout 4” is an immersive experience that allows players to shape and interact a sandbox-style video game world dripping with atmosphere and dark humor. A sandbox-style game is an “open world” experience where a player can move freely through a virtual world as they please, rather than following a set path through levels (such as Call of Duty). Other popular sandboxes include “Elder Scrolls: Skyrim,” “Minecraft,” and “Grand Theft Auto.”Courtesy of Feng TienOne of the most captivating elements of the game is its environment. Post-nuclear apocalypse New England is a desolate wasteland of decaying buildings, mutated animals and radioactive goo piles. Yet at the same time, the world is teeming with cities, people to interact with and opportunities for the player to have fun. The world is colorful and creative, with interesting elements like an overenthusiastic Nuka Beer advertisement from the past juxtaposed to the decrepit surroundings. The wasteland features a wide variety of mutated animals, people, and monsters that may be friend or foe depending on your character.Courtesy of Fallout WikiYou can craft your character however you like. Want an intelligent, charismatic, lucky foxy lady who can talk her way out of anything? Or a buff, tough and agile fighter who can knock the pants off of anything in her path? Or a perceptive and intelligent man who can spot trouble from a mile away and determine a way around the potential scuffle? How you create your character can decide the rest of your experience.Courtesy of EurogamerThe creator, Bethesda Game Studios, cites “Fallout 4” as its most ambitious project yet. The game sports a sprawling map comprised of Boston and the surrounding area. Some notable improvements from the last game are gear customization, improved graphics and the ability to build settlements. There is never a shortage of anything to do. You can play the game for days and not even scratch the surface.Courtesy of Geek“I’ve waited about six to seven years for the “Fallout 3” sequel. I loved “Fallout 3,” and I think that this one took the same formula and improved upon it. I am not a huge fan of shooting games, but “Fallout 4” offers a lot more than that, such as character creation and interactive dialogue and environments. It’s a bit overwhelming with how much content it offers so far, but I think that that will become manageable the more I get into the game. I think they’ve simplified a lot of the RPG elements, so it’s easier to pick up if you’re new at this type of game.”- Gerrit Van Lent, FSU Graduate StudentSpeaking of character customization, the internet’s been ablaze with some quirky, creepy, and even super accurate renditions of some of our favorite characters. All images are courtesy of Kotaku. Walter White – “Breaking Bad”Vladimir PutinNigel ThornberryHulk Hogan (my personal favorite)Harley QuinnCassi is a junior at Florida State University. As an Environmental Studies major, Cassi likes outdoor activities such as biking, hiking, and going to parks. She is part of a community Service Fraternity, Alpha Phi Omega, which has brought her to some very unique and exciting experiences around Tallahassee. From washing dogs to preparing food for the elderly, Cassi loves to help the community out any way that she can. In her free time, Cassi likes to paint, read, take bubble baths, wreck her boyfriend at chess, beat the high score to Mrs. Pac Man at Voodoo Dog, play with her hamsters, or attend concerts. As always, this Seminole bleeds Garnet and Gold! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!1. Really, you’re not going to answer?2. Like, no, it’s fine, didn’t wanna talk to you anyway.3. Wait, what if he’s hurt and that’s why he didn’t answer…4. The roads are icy…5. What if he’s dead and that’s the last thing I thought about him?6. I am the worst.7. No, he’s the worst.8. Maybe his ex-girlfriend called him and wanted him back.9. She is like a model.10. Like, I’m talking skinny, blonde hair, blue eyes. *whole package*11. And I’m over here looking like a potato. 12. I mean, all I really wanted to call him for was so he could watch this adorable cat video.13. It was adorable okay? Don’t judge me.14. What if he got kidnapped?15. Do people kidnap twenty-somethings?16. Or is it called adult-napping?17. That sounds like a totally different thing though...18. Whatever, he’s a jerk for not answering.19. I’m a goddess and he should be waiting for my call.20. The goddess of potatoes, that is. 21. Actually, the goddess of lattes would be more suiting…22. OKAY seriously it’s been like, two minutes. 23. No text or anything?24. I’ll just text him repeatedly like a crazy person.25. “WHY YOU NO ANSWER ME”26. *pissed emoji*27. *poop emoji*28. *peach emoji*29. *eggplant emoji* 30. Jesus, it’s a good thing he loves me.31. I’m a handful.32. But also a potato/latte goddess.33. Maybe he’s just driving and wants to be safe.34. There we go! Look at me, being positive.35. But really, five minutes. 36. He’s probably playing Fallout 4 again.37. Like, what is with boys and their fascination with video games?38. I mean, I sit on pinterest all night but that’s totally different. 39. Ugh.40. Whatever. I’m a strong independent woman who don’t need no man.41. Except for cuddles.42. Because a girl has to have something to put her icy feet under.43. Winter is coming, people.44. That jerk, I’m so not answering when he calls.45. Or I’ll let it go to the last ring. 46. Let him know how it feels.47. He’s so dumb all he ever does i---*phone rings**picks up on first ring*“Hey sweetie, I missed you so much!”  Sara is currently a junior marketing major at University of Wyoming. She is a Co-Campus Correspondent for her chapter of Her Campus, an officer for UW's chapter of Alpha Kappa Psi (Beta Nu), the Public Relations Chair for WYO-Gold Student Alumni Association, and works 20 hours a week on campus. She has a wonderful boyfriend who goes to CU-Boulder so she's constantly torn between her love for Colorado and her love for small town Wyoming. When she isn't driving to see her boyfriend, doing officer duties, writing articles, or in classes, you can find her looking at stupid cat pictures or drinking her weight in tea. To see more of her weird, crazy life you can follow her on instagram, username: twigott Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Christmas is getting closer, so I wanted to show you a pretty makeup look you can wear at a Christmas party, a family dinner, or wherever you want! Our model is the beautiful Caitlin, one of my oldest friends, and my sister from another mister.1. Start by doing you makeup base like you normally would. Also, do your eyebrows if you want to. Then, take a shimmery gold eye shadow, and apply it on your lids. Apply it on your lower lash line as well, to create a soft and smoky effect. I love how this gold color really brings out the blue in Caitlin’s eyes! 2. Then take your eye shadow brush and wet it with some water. Dip it in the same eye shadow, and pat the color on your lids. This will make the color stronger and bolder.Be careful not to go all the way to the edges where the gold color ends, so that the edges stay soft and undefined.3. Add mascara. Then, take a highlighter, and apply it on your brow bone. Blend downwards and with the edges of the gold color. Dab the brush on the inner corners of your eyes as well, and blend in with the gold. Everything should look very soft and hazy.4. For the lips, I blended together a red and orange lipstick to get the color I wanted. These lipsticks are from Lush.  5. If you have any eye shadow fallout under the eyes, you can just swipe it off with a fluffy brush. Then just dab on some under-eye concealer to finish off the eyes.6. Finish with an orangey blush on the apples of your cheeks. And you're done! Happy holidays! All photos (c) Katariina HynninenDo you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Having spent over three years living in varying states of student housing, I’m a pretty seasoned digs-hunter. It’s that time of year again when everyone begins panicking about accommodation for September, and it’s easy to get caught up in simply going along with whatever your friends/landlord/letting agents are telling you to do. Most of us are massively effected by our environments, and somewhere you feel at home can make a huge difference to your social and academic success. So whether you’re a fresher looking for the first place to call your own, or a final year deciding you need to move out of the rowdy hovel you’ve inhabited for the last year or so, here are our tips for finding a place to call home.Know What You Want From Your HousematesDo Your ResearchMake Sure Your Viewing Is ThoroughGetting the Best DealMoving InWhatever you end up doing, enjoy yourself! Living in digs is a lot of fun (even with the drama, the cleaning rota bust-ups and the maintenance nightmares), and it’s possibly the best lesson in independence that you’ll ever get!Some more helpful tips:http://www.theguardian.com/education/2014/sep/29/students-read-this-before-moving-into-new-househttp://www.savethestudent.org/accommodation/guide-viewing-student-accommodation.htmlhttp://www.telegraph.co.uk/education/educationadvice/10305180/Student-housing-an-expert-guide.html  Hanna is a writer/editor/illustrator based in Falmouth and across the UK. One day she hopes to be paid to eat delicious things and tell people about them. Until then you can find her writing freelance, drawing pictures of people pulling silly faces, or lying face-down on the beach like a starfish. You can follow her here: https://twitter.com/hannacrombie Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Matt Kozak is a nineteen-year-old, second year English and History major from Belle River, Ontario. Always put-together and a little on the quiet side, don’t mistake him for shy! Matt’s sense of adventure and down-to-earth personality make him quite the catch. Luckily for us, this cutie is single!  What are some of your hobbies? Reading, swimming, beach volleyball, video games, and music. What is your favourite book? That’s definitely The Catcher in the Rye [by J.D. Salinger]. I feel like it’s got a lot of issues with growing up and finding your place in the world. I relate to Holden Caufield, unfortunately. I feel like everyone can relate to that book one way or another. I remember a lot of people hating that book, though, when we had to read it in English.  Everyone goes through an awkward stage. When was yours? Oh man, grade eight and grade nine. I was kind of in that rebellious stage, you know, the phase that every kid goes through when they try to make themselves look hard when they’re really not. I wore a lot of black clothes. It was a horrible time for me. Out of all the jobs you’ve had, which have you enjoyed most? HMV. It was cool working at the mall because I got to spend my money as much as I earned it. What’s your favourite smell? Man, I don’t know. There’s so many smells out there. Probably campfire-smell. What’s the best way to make a s’more? In the kitchen. It’s just easy to clean up the mess. What are some of your favourite video games? As of right now, Witcher 3, Fallout 3, and I can’t wait for Fallout 4. What’s been your favourite university memory so far? Every day at 3:50 when I get to go home. I have a while to make some great memories. What would your ultimate vacation be like? I’ve got a few. First one is a week at a ski lodge or some kind of resort in Switzerland in the mountains. Maybe Ireland, I really want to go to Ireland. New Zealand, maybe, although I don’t know enough about New Zealand. Switzerland or Sweden are probably my number one choices. What are you attracted to in a girl? Laid back attitude is probably number one. Someone who doesn’t take themselves or life too seriously, who knows how to have a good time, knows how to laugh. Someone I can have an intelligent conversation with who has good taste in music and who likes to travel. Someone who’s not afraid to take risks, is open to new ideas, who’s accepting and willing to admit they’re wrong. I could go on forever. Just basic good human qualities, I guess. Good morals and values.   I am an artist at the University of Windsor - and not just a visual one! While I am pursuing a double-major in English & Creative Writing and Visual Arts, I am also a musician and lover of drama. I'm a nerd who loves to work hard, write for Her Campus, and teach children's art classes on the weekend. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Christmas time is here, along with the twinkly lights and white mountains comes the stress of picking out the perfect presents to give to your loved ones, especially the men!  Her Campus is here to help you! Here is a list of the top gifts the men in your life really want:HeadphonesYou can never go wrong with a nice pair of headphones! Whether you give a simple pair for them to work out with, or a more pricy pair of beats, your man is sure to love any headphone you gift.Music PlayerIf your man already owns headphones, get them a nice speaker! He’ll think of you every time he’s blasting music.WatchNow he has no excuse to be late!ClothesMake sure you know their size! If not, gift cards are always a safe idea! Boys can always use another pair of sweats, a sweater, and socks and underwear!Sports GearIf you’re buying a gift for an athletic guy you can never go wrong with sports gear.  A hockey stick, a football, or a tennis racket, you can guarantee they’ll get a ton of use out of this gift,Sports WearMaybe they don’t play sports, but are a huge fan for a particular sports team! Get them a jersey or hat with their team’s logo to keep them clothed and happy!WalletIf your man is still using a wallet with Velcro, it’s probably time you get him a new one.Shaving KitAlthough this gift is a little more practical, this gift is sure to be a luxury for your man.Video GamesA ton of big ticket games are coming out (Halo 5, Star Wars Battle Front, Fallout 4).  Grab your guy the newest video game and you’re sure to have him entertained for hours.Outdoor GiftsIf your man is adventurous, splurge on something like a new tent or a hammock.  This gift is guaranteed to get a ton of use out of it.Sentimental GiftAll of these gifts are lovely, but nothing beats a sentimental gift that shows you put thought into it.  Maybe make them a coffee mug with an inside joke on it, or make a coupon booklet with little favors you owe them throughout the year.Hopefully this list gave you some ideas on what to purchase the men of your life for Christmas! I have a deep love for mermaids, pitbulls, swearing, and all things involving food.  Shania Twain is my spirit animal and I'm a converted Belieber.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Trying to find the perfect makeup for New Year’s Eve? Well look no further because these four beautiful, versatile, and easy makeup looks are perfect to welcome in the New Year!1. Dark and Smokey: What better way to welcome the New Year than with a captivating, dark Smokey eye. Smudge a black cream eyeshadow on the lid to increase wear time and blend it out with a brush and some dark shadow. Buff out the outer edges with a matte or shimmery cream color to make sure there are no harsh lines and and you're good to go! Complementing the dark shadows with glitter on the lower lash line and a shimmery, bright highlight on the brow bone and on the inner corner of the eye will contrast beautifully with the smokey blacks and dark grays on the lid. Don't forget to clean up under your eye with a makeup wipe to remove any fallout and mistakes, and add mascara. To bring the look together, finish it off with a beautiful dark cranberry or burgundy lipstick! (Cosmo, Byrdie)                                               2. Gold and Glittery: Gold is striking and perfect for the New Year’s festivities, especially when it is bright, sparkly, and radiant! Begin with a light, chocolate brown in your outer crease, and a darker brown on the outer corner of your eye. Then place the gold shadow or glitter all over the lid. To intensify glittery shadows, dampen your brush with some eyedrop solution before dipping your brush in the shadow! This will brighten the shadows and increase their wear time. To finish off the look, add a pale cream color to your browbone and inner corner to highlight. When paired with the perfect red lip, this look will definitely put all eyes on you. If you want to go the extra step, pop on some false eyelashes to really make your eyes stand out.  (Websta, frootibeauty)3. Bright and Neutral: If you want to keep your makeup a little more on the natural, simply dust some light brown, or neutral eyeshadow that compliments your skintone, into the crease of your eyelid. Pair it with winged eyeliner, some mascara, and a nude lip! For that extra New Year’s kick, add some glittery liquid eyeliner or some shimmery shadow on your upper lash line right above your winged eyeliner. (boglovin, brit + co)4. Silver and Bold: If you really want to make as big of a statement as the glorious New Year’s ball, a bold, precise silver cat eye will definitely do the job. Outline the outer crease of your eyelid with a precise black eyeliner, fill it in with some black or dark gray eyeshadow, and cover your lid with a bright shimmery silver. Add some mascara and you’re good to go! Complete this look with any lip color you want! If you want to make the look softer and more blended, don’t outline your outer crease, and instead, dust a dark gray eyeshadow onto this area, put on the silver shadow, and add some liquid eyeliner to the upper lash line! (prettydesigns, makeupbymaquillage.com) Natalie is a Fordham University junior from Connecticut majoring in Communications and Media Studies and minoring in Marketing. New York City is her favorite place in the world, and one day she hopes to be working as a journalist or Public Relations agent there. In her free time, she loves eating quesadillas, dancing to the Backstreet Boys, and fangirling over Jennifer Lawrence. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Eyes may be the window to the soul but hair is certainly a close second on the ‘things that give away my mood’ list. Often times, hair is a means of self-expression – a canvas for all your creative whims. Unfortunately, hair can also be a sign that something has seriously gone awry. Many of us are well acquainted with the C.P.H (crisis provoked haircut). Whether it’s a breakup or a failed exam, it’s our manes that bear the sadness. In a moment of panic, our stylists offer us all sweet serenity. After all, desperate times call for major hair transformations.1. The Refusal Your friends begged you not to do it; your mom said you’re “not allowed.” Little do they know, their pleas are only pushing you closer to the hair salon. It’s not just a haircut anymore; it’s a declaration of self. This is the beginning of the end, my friend.2. The Last StrawYou just broke up with your significant other and suddenly it feels like there is no better time than the present to chop off all your hair. Trust me, we’ve all been there. But unfortunately, “If Emma Watson can pull off a pixie cut, then so can I” is not good logic; it’s just rock bottom.3. The RevealThere’s a certain sense of both excitement and remorse that sets in as the chair begins to swivel toward the mirror. Everything is different now. It doesn’t matter if it feels like your life is in shambles because “A Whole New World” is so your new anthem.4. The Fall-outHow could they do this to me? Does everyone hate me? Why would my friends let me do this? I bet it’s because they want to look hotter than me. As soon as the paranoid questioning phase has passed, cue the angst door slamming and sulking. You’re definitely going to regret this all later.5. Crying. A lot of crying. You cry to your mom, friends, and yes, even your math teacher. You will literally cry to anyone that will listen because your haircut is just THAT big of a deal.6. Acceptance. (And hats!)Oh, you like my beret? Thanks, it’s masking all my emotional instability! Also, it matches my shirt.7. The Waiting I’ll just smile through the pain and use horse shampoo for like five years, it’s fine. I’m totally fine.  Image credit: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Who knows what it’s like to go through a breakup better than the woman who was divorced 72 days after her wedding day? No one. Kim K has been through it all— she’s been the dumpee, the dumper, and the victim of the mutual split. Here are the 11 stages all girls go through after a breakup as told by yours truly, Mrs. Kardashian-West!Let’s be honest, the first few days after the big fallout is usually spent eating ice cream in your pajamas glued to your bed, sobbing into your BFF’s sweater.  Thinking back to your text-arguments makes your blood boil. Trust me girl, delete all of the texts for your health’s sake. For real… why would he break up with you? Whatever, you’re way too good for him, anyway. Your wing woman sets you up with a cute guy at a party and all is fine until… Ouch. This one hurts. It’s totally fine for you to move on in a week, but he’s not allowed to move on for like, well, ever. Now, it’s time to even the scoreboard. You pull out all the stops, even if it means recruiting a totally platonic guy friend to pose as a new beau.A little piece of you breaks off every time you see him in public and you realize you’ll always carry a torch for him no matter what.  Take this breakup and live your life for you! You split for a reason, never forget that. You try to keep it together, but single life isn’t how you remembered it. You could cry at the drop of a hat, but keep it together on the outside for the sake of public appearance! This is when you find small day-to-day events to look forward to to keep yourself distracted and positive. The only “Ride or Die” that you’ll have forever is you! Fall in love with yourself, the boys will follow! Go back to being the baddest version of yourself possible and OWN IT! As long as you know that freedom and independence are the light at the end of the tunnel, temporarily wallowing in your pain is okay. I mean, Kim had to deal with Kris Humphries (and does anyone remember how he used to bark like a dog?). But now she’s married to Yeezy with one gorgeous toddler and another baby on the way! I promise you, it gets better, collegiettes!     Jamie is a freshman in the Boston University College of Communication with the intention of obtaining a degree in Journalism. Her main interests include beauty and lifestyle content, as she seeks to use her extensive knowledge in the beauty industry to help out other girls and spread self-confidence. She hopes to have a career in the magazine industry as a writer. If you can't find Jamie taking a nice, long stroll down Newbury with a Starbucks vanilla iced latte in hand, you'll be sure to find her sitting on BU Beach binge-watching Netflix.
Follow Jamie on Instagram: @jamshore Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!We often find our fashion inspiration from our favorite celebrities. With personal stylists and access to the hottest clothes in Hollywood, who wouldn't? Here are the best 15 outfits celebs wore this week:Underwood looks stunning in her shorts, vest and booties. This was one of her (many) looks at the Country Music Association Awards.Gomez makes a bold statement in this white choker dress at the City of Hope's Spirit of Life Gala in Santa Monica, CA.Schumer made a statement in this LBD at the 2015 Women’s Media Awards at Capitale in NYC.Lorde looked stunning at the CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund Awards in NYC—and can we talk about that haircut?Kloss rocked this dress at WSJ Magazine’s 2015 Innovator Awards.We love Zendaya's dress and top knot from the CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund Awards in NYC.Tinashe rocked all black everything (and a killer necklace) at the CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund Awards in NYC.Teigen looked flawless at the launch of the video game Fallout 4 in L.A.Cruz rocked a classic look in Milan, Italy for the launch of her handbag collection.Perry stood out in her unique outfit at the Change Begins Within concert in NYC.Lawrence looked gorgeous in this purple dress at the world premiere of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay—Part 2 in Berlin, Germany.Nyong'o looked ultra chic as she arrived at the Public Theater in NYC to film Eclipsed.Jenner looked amazing in her jumpsuit at her 20th birthday party in L.A.Ambrósio got into the Halloween spirit with her Heaven and Hell party in L.A.Graham showed off her fall style while shopping at The Grove in L.A.Which celeb outfit is your favorite, collegiettes? Rachel is a junior at JMU who hopes to work for a magazine or online media company in the future.  She is majoring in Media Arts & Design with a concentration in Journalism and minoring in Spanish and Creative Writing.  Some of her favorite things include family, friends, the beach, and coke zero.  You can follow her on twitter @rachelpett. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!