Come to SFA's thrift store on January 27th in Everson 135 at 6 p.m. for some retail therapy. All items will be anywhere from $1-$15! They will only be accepting cash. If you have any old clothes you want to donate to SFA,  email them at sfa.ucd@gmail.com to arrange a pick up date!  Alida Araica is currently a third year student at UC Davis. She's an English major and pursuing a communication and computer science double minor. Alida likes 90's rom-coms, iced coffee and running (every once in awhile). Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Who will be Miss Summerville and Miss Summerville Teen 2016? Join us on January 9, 2016 as we celebrate 30 years of Miss Summerville! We are currently seeking contestants for the Miss (ages 17-24) and Teen (ages 13-17) divisions. Young women who reside in Summerville or Dorchester County and/or attend school in Summerville are welcome to participate. For more information, email MissSummervillePageant@gmail.com.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!The UConn Dance Company will be holding their Spring 2016 auditions Saturday January, 23rd fom 9:00am to 1:00pm on the main stage in the Jorgensen Center for Performing Arts.Registration for auditions will begin at 8:30am in the lobby. Auditions will include short Jazz, Contemporary and Hip-Hop combinations. Bring clothes suitable for dancing and plenty of water!For more information, contact: Megan Gallagher at uconndancecompany@gmail.comNikki is the Vice President and Editorial/Tech Assistant for Her Campus UConn.  She is a junior majoring in Communication.  Nikki wishes she was Beyoncé, eats more pasta than is probably recommended, and is a Ravenclaw at heart.  Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Come play KanJam with your friends, raise money for Best Buddies charity, and win money too!  Enter as teams of two.  The entry fee is $5 per person.  Winning team gets 50% of the total money, while the other 50% goes to charity.  The event will take place at the Armory building on campus (Willis Nichols Hawley Armory) on Saturday Dec. 5th, from 12:00-2:00pm.Email uconnkanjam@gmail.com to reserve your spot in the tournament!Space is limited, so sign up fast!This event is being put on by a group of UConn students for a Project Management course.For more information, contact: The students running the event at uconnkanjam@gmail.com Nikki is the Vice President and Editorial/Tech Assistant for Her Campus UConn.  She is a junior majoring in Communication.  Nikki wishes she was Beyoncé, eats more pasta than is probably recommended, and is a Ravenclaw at heart.  Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Attention General Body members for more information about our annual sleepover please stop by our General Body Meeting on tomorrow at 6pm or contact us at bbcsociety@gmail.com! Kayla Antoinette Walker has always been an ambitious and motivated young woman and has always set high standards for herself. She is an aspiring event/wedding coordinator majoring in Business Administration with a concentration in Marketing at the illustrious Clark Atlanta University in Atlanta, GA. She chose to attend Clark Atlanta after graduating Valedictorian of her high school class at Carver High School in Columbus, GA. As a junior, Kayla has a passion for mentoring and wants to bring a sense of pride and empowerment to the women of Clark Atlanta to encourage them to "be fearless in the pursuit of what sets your soul on fire". Kayla says to always be a girl with a mind, a woman with attitude, and a lady with class. Go forth and be great! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!La Asociación Puertorriqueña de Estudiantes de Periodismo te invita a su primera reunión y confraternización. ¿Cuándo?: 19 de octubre a las 11:30 am. Abierta a toda la comunidad universitaria. ¡No pases inavertid@, únete hoy! Para más información: copuapep@gmail.com Yuliana is currently majoring in Hispanics Studies, with a specialty in literature from Latin America and Puerto Rico, aspiring to be a Literature Professor. She loves traveling, adores reading poetry and novels, and wishes to write and amazing best-seller someday. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Get ready for homecoming! Come support your friends and experience this awesome expression of UConn talent! Tickets will be sold at the Information Desk in the Student Union. contact Marissa Carbone, homecoming.subog@gmail.com for more information  junior, nutrition major, sarcastic Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus! Need some new winter clothes or Thanksgiving attire? SFA has got you covered! Come check out the selection of men's and women's clothing ranging from $15 all the way down to $1! There are some real great deals so you don't want to miss out. Cash only, please!The Student Fashion Association at UC Davis is currently working towards their annual spring charity fashion show, and will be offering a 1 unit, pass/no pass Fashion Show Planning Class. Email sfa.ucd@gmail.com if interested. Bridget is a second year student at UC Davis with a passion for fashion and writing. She is involved in the Student Fashion Association and hopes that her love for fashion shows through her blog and #OOTD posts. :) She is also a diehard San Francisco Giants fan and enjoys watching baseball, basketball, and football in her free time. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Join Penn's all-female musical and sketch comedy troupe for our fall show, BLOOMERS OFFLINE: THE DARK WEB RISES!Thursday 10/22 at 8 pmFriday 10/23 at 9 pmSaturday 10/24 at 2 pm and 9 pm$10 tickets will be sold on the walk starting 10/19 and are available online at bloomerscomedy.com/tickets.For groups of 8 or more, tickets are $8. Please contact bloomers.biz@gmail.com with any questions. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Love to write?Looking for a resume builder? Interested in social media?Active on campus?Event planning expereince? Want to know more? Her Campus-MSU is looking for goal-oriented, passionate collegiette women interested in the world of media! Join us at our first meeting to learn more about how to get involved! My name is Caitlin Taylor, Campus Correspondent of HCMSU. I'm a junior Journalism major at Michigan State University with minors in French and Women's Studies. I spend a lot of time at my two jobs; I'm a catalog maintenance assistant at the MSU Library and a home-department associate at Macy's. I'm a self-proclaimed feminist, French culture enthusiast, and lover of all things chocolate!Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!