Stay the night at the beautiful Oread, right on campus. younger male writer from Chicago Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Come on out to Hershey, Pa. to enjoy the sweet sounds of The Anthony Pieruccini Trio! Admission is free and you get to listen to the musical stylings of Anthony Pieruccini on guitar, Caden Myers on bass, Nick Kochanek on drums and guest musician Bobby Tesoriero on flute. For more information, click here! Writer-in-progress!! <3 Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Who is ready for a night out on the town? The Her Campus Roosevelt team sure is! Be sure to grab your ticket for Roosevelt University's homecoming on Friday. Solo tickets are $30.00 and couples tickets are $50.00. We can't wait to see you there!Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!By Julia Lowney      Creepiest part of the show: Little blonde kids running around and sleeping in coffins.SO. MUCH. BLOOD This hotel is literally just one big maze of identical hallways.Get out of bed in a creepy hotel when the alarm goes off at 2:25 in the morning? Yeah, that’s a great idea. Evan Peters with an accent, Evan Peters with an accent, Evan Peters with an accent!What the HECK just crawled out of that mattress???
 Why would you ever stay in a hotel where there’s not a single person in the lobby when you walk in?  Are they gonna have sex? Yeah, they’re gonna have sex.Why children? Why does Lady Gaga need to feed on little children?  The creepy housekeeper- how does she get all of those stains out??
 STAY OUT OF THE BATHROOM!!
 Why would the cop listen to the story about Room 64 but then proceed to stay in that exact room?
 Creepy opening credits? Yup, I’m gonna have nightmares tonight!  Now forever checking the mattress for open stitching...
 Lady Gaga- enough said.
           Julia is a junior English major at Siena College with minors in Marketing and Writing/Communications. She was born and raised in Boston, Massachusetts and is "wicked" excited to be joining the Her Campus Siena team. She loves anything and everything to do with fashion and is a HUGE coffee drinker, especially the French Vanilla iced Coffee from Dunkin Donuts! She's a country music girl, a runner in training, and loves spending time with her friends and family. Keep an eye out for her articles and follow her on Twitter @JuliaLowney Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!When you step into the Czech Inn Hotel, it feels more like a luxury hotel than a hostel with its modern décor, free wifi, and attentive, friendly staff. Whilst offering the usual comfortable hostel dorm rooms, affordable private double rooms (starting at a steal, from just £28 per night) are also available, with luxuries including a spacious rain shower, safe, TV, kettle and chandelier.  Although breakfast isn’t included in the room charge, it is definitely well worth the extra 150 CZK (roughly £4) Served from 8am to 12am down in the cellar, which turns into a bar after sun down, breakfast includes an all-you-can-eat buffet breakfast bar to satisfy any traveller's appetite. Special mention needs to be made to the option of make your own pancakes!Once you’ve torn yourself away from your plush room, Prague’s rich history and culture offer visitors lots to see. Located in an ideal location, a short distance from the city centre, the hostel has great access to a scenic tram route that runs directly through the city centre, old town, and then onwards to the breath-taking Prague Castle.HCXTIP: While out sightseeing try a Trdlo, either drenched in chocolate or coated in sugar, this delicious local cinnamon treat is too good to miss! Deputy Travel Editor 2015-2016
A third year geographer with constant wanderlust. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!The notorious Champagne Society Ball is back, and bigger and more bubbly than ever.The exec promise a Balthazar of Laurent Perrier (12 litre), a string quartet, an exemplary three course meal and an array of musical talent throughout the evening. With Dom P on the list of raffle prizes, who wouldn't want to get a ticket to this event?! Unfortunately, the tickets for this year were snapped up very quickly. But if this sounds like your kind of event, get your fingers on buzzers for next year! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!When the news that Lady Gaga would be one of the main actresses in the new season of American Horror Story: Hotel went viral, fans everywhere went crazy—and for good reason. As a result of her insanely successful music career, it's easy to forget that Lady Gaga was also trained as an actress from the young age of 11 years old.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!What: SnowballWhen: Friday, February 20thWhere: Marriot HotelDo you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Side Dishes - Alla Famiglia by Hawksworth ResturantYork Room, Rosewood Hotel Georgia, 801 West GeorgiaJanuary 16, 19, 23, 26, 30All seatings: 7:00 p.m. Gather your friends and family together for a flavourful Canadian feast, prepared by Chef David Hawksworth and his talented team. Rustic, modern cuisine made for sharing will showcase the best seasonal ingredients and includes dishes such as roast chicken with sundried olives and masala jus, and meatballs with soft polenta and tomato fondue.A distinctive menu will be served on each of the four nights and dishes will be served family-style around small round tables in the Heritage York Room at the Rosewood Hotel Georgia. Tables seat six to ten people, so pull up a seat and make new friends over a three-course feast. Have a group of seven or more? Enjoy your own exclusive table.Join the Hawksworth team for a casual and relaxed dinner, alla famiglia, this January. January 16:Starter: albacore belly guajillo, avocado, sesame, thai basil; winter radish and citrus salad almond, chill, mintMain: dandelion cavatelli veal shoulder, black trumpet, grana padano; grilled sturgeon radicchio, bagna cauda, crispy onion;salt roasted beet sumac yogurt, oats, dillDessert: caramel pot de crème whipped crème fraîcheJanuary 19:Starter: chorizo stew san marzano, tripe, grilled bread, kale pistou; arugula salad anchovy, roasted grape, parmesan, lemonMain: strozzapreti calabrian pork sausage, smoked tomato, basil; slow baked salt cod pickled eggplant, buddies olive oil; broccolini red wine vinegar, garlic, chillDessert: citrus toasted meringue tartlette; dark chocolate bonet amaretti; hazelnut profiterole praline crèmeJanuary 23:Starter: baked kusshi oyster chicken fat, charred padron pepper; tuscan kale salad radish, fennel, chili, breadcrumbMain: saffron radiator salt cod, san marzano, crispy caper; roast chicken sundried olive, masala jus; roasted cauliflower green harissa, sunflower seedsDessert: mascarpone bavarian espresso, almond January 26:Starter: beef tartar cured egg yolk, horseradish, kale pistou; wild mushroom toast crème fraîche, thyme , fontinaMain: meatballs soft polenta, tomato fondue, basil, chili; grilled lingcod brown butter , caper, breadcrumb; roasted sunchoke pecan, tarragonDessert: citrus toasted meringue tartlette; almond caramel, milk chocolate biscuit; vanilla bean choux orange crèmeMenu modifications and substitutions are politely declined. Please present your paper ticket upon arrival. No cancellations within 48 hours of the event.Price:Food Only: $74.92*($66.42 incl. GST + $8.50 s/c)Food & Wine Pairing: $122.64**($111.64 incl. GST + $11.00 s/c)* Includes meal as indicated, tax, gratuity and ticketing fees.** All Inclusive Pricing: includes dinner as indicated, wine pairings, tax, gratuity and ticketing fees. TICKETS AVAILABLE HERE !  A freshman at UBC arts. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!