Lexie Mikula is senior Mass Communications major at Point Park University from Hershey, PA. Lexie is the Campus Correspondant and contributing editor-in-chief of HC Point Park. She is also the EIC of the Odyssey at PPU. In addition to journalism and media, she enjoys rainy days in the city, dogs with personality, watching The Goonies with her five roommates (and HC teammates!), and coffee... copious amounts of coffee. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Bobcat Entertainment (BE) is screening Jurassic World. Come out to watch this cinematic masterpiece and fourth installment in the Jurassic Park franchise. It’s a great way to wind down after a long, stressful week. And bring your guy friends, too! Jessica Nelson is a sophomore at West Virginia Wesleyan College, majoring in English: Creative Writing. She is also an intern for Inspiration for Writers, Inc., an editing company out of Parkersburg, WV. In the summer of 2015, she studied Children's Literature in London, England for three weeks on a Fulbright scholarship. She would read all day if she could, staying snuggled up on the couch with a cat on her lap. On the rare occasions the Muses bless her with their divine touch, she writes her own fictional stories and poems. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!This Friday, Student Events is screening Jurassic World on the Great Lawn!  There will be free goodies including popcorn, cotton candy, snow cones and more!  Grab a few friends, bring your own blankets, grab a snack and get ready to kick off Labor Day weekend with this epic summer movie!  For more information, check out the Facebook event.  I am a current junior at Brandeis University and a native Californian.  I am a double major in Anthropology and International/Global Studies with a minor in Creativity, the Arts, and Social Transformation.  In my free time I love cooking, drawing and writing. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!2015 was by far one of the most memorable years; and like memories from years past, some things will last forever. Here are a few soon-to-be classics established in 2015. #thedress2015 started off with a colossal controversy over a picture of a two-toned dress in dimmed lighting. Blue and black, or white and gold? People tried to back it up with science, but will we ever REALLY know what color that dress was?  #justDOITShia LaBeouf has been motivating us to just do it since June of 2015, and probably will for many more years.  #caitlynjennerSpeaking of just doing it, Caitlyn Jenner made her official debut this past year, beginning a whole giddy frenzy for the LGBQT community! #jurassicworld2015 also debuted the newest movie from the Jurassic Park series, Jurassic World; where battles between dinosaurs have never been more awesome and epic.  #hotlineblingDrake’s hotline has been blingin’ since June of 2015 too! His song and his dance moves have been making their way around the world for months now.  #miley,what’sgood?At the 2015 VMA’s, Miley Cyrus was called out on her cultural appropriation by fellow artist Nicki Minaj. Several memes have been made encapturing her sass, and we don’t think they’re going to end anytime soon. #voteforkanye2020That same night at the VMA’s Kanye West proudly announced his running for US President in the year 2020, putting everyone into a huge uproar. #prayforparisNovember 2015 marks the tragic month of praying for the world when Paris, along with many other places around the world, was the victim of a terrorist attack and mass shooting. Like other tragedies, we will continue to keep Paris and the rest of the world in our hearts and our prayers.  #feelingthebernIn 2015 we also began to “feel the Bern,” as in Bernie Sanders for president in 2016! Talks of him running against and beating Donald Trump have swept the nation, as well as the internet. #theforceawakensThe long awaited seventh episode of Star Wars finally arrived in November of 2015! The force was strong with us this year. #jbpurpose2015 was the year everyone became a Belieber again. Justin Bieber released his new album Purpose on November 13th,  2015 - and the world was shaken by it. #missuniverseSteve Harvey made 2015’s Miss Universe competition an unforgettable one. His mix-up with Miss Colombia and Miss Philippines will be remembered for years to come!  Happy New Year, my lovelies! Hallo my lovelies! My name is Kristine & I'm a 2nd year Biochemistry major at UCSB. I was born & raised in San Francisco,CA. I'm also a ballerina, crafter, baker, lipstick enthusiast, & bunny-lover. In my free time I work with my sister to create adorable baked delicacies for The Royal Icing, our at-home bakery. When I graduate from UCSB, I plan on going to medical school & becoming a dermatologist. /IG:@cookiesforkayDo you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!This summer you couldn’t get very far without coming across a poster for Jurassic World, and to say I was excited would be an understatement. I watched the trailer on a weekly basis much to the annoyance of my flat mates; especially considering my frequent comments on how much I fancied Chris Pratt or shouting: ‘Look! I’ve got real life goose-bumps!’ It seems all too often films as highly anticipated as these can never live up to your expectations, or fall into the cynical category of sequels which are ‘never as good as the original.’ Some may say Jurassic World is clichéd in its fail-safe plot, but I wouldn’t expect it to be anything else. Perhaps it was so popular because it was exactly what people had hoped it would be; which was essentially a repeat of the earlier films with a twist and better CGI. Either way, with grossing more than $1.5 billion, they did something right!The opening scenes of the film introduce surly teenager Zach and his younger brother Gray, who are spending a week at the park with their Aunt Claire. She is the park’s senior assets manager, played by Bryce Dallas Howard. Their mother waves them off with a classically foreshadowing phrase: ‘And remember, if something chases you, run!’ When they arrive, themselves and viewers get the virtual, sweeping tour around the new setting, which has evolved from a park into a world. Accompanied by the original theme music *cue goosebumps*,  we are quick to learn the newest attraction to the park is a genetically modified dinosaur, which uh-oh, has escaped, but do we ever really tire of seeing people being chased and gruesomely eaten by dinosaurs?The dinosaurs in question included the introduction of a genetically modified ‘Indominous Rex,’ so vicious she ate her own sibling. A fresh and equally terrifying original idea of splicing together different species, meaning there was always constant changes in it’s evasive techniques and attacks. Creating a new breed of dinosaur demonstrates how the franchise has evolved. Simply bringing back extinct creatures now looks amateur! It also served as a subtle reminder of Dr Ian. Malcolm's (Jeff Goldblum) famous line from the original film: ‘your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should.’If Chris Pratt hadn’t already proved his ability to play the tough but loveable protagonist in Guardians of the Galaxy, he certainly did here as ‘Owen.’ He is introduced training his velociraptors; Blue, Charlie, Delta and Echo. Yes, the dinosaurs have names and according to Owen, personalities too. Alongside Claire, the two of them save the day in the form of the T-Rex that wreaked so much havoc in 1993 (complete with the same battle scars). This was yet another major throwback to the original movies, providing subtle links between the films. However, it’s a little hard to believe Claire could run around the island while wearing 5-inch heels with only an attractive amount of sweat and artfully ruffled hair. Not to mention her all white outfit, which only suffered a conveniently placed thigh high split…Jurassic World has everything an adventure-sci-fi-thriller of this nature wants and needs. The clichéd attractive leads, unbounded destruction, terrifying creatures on the loose, gentle satire regarding the United States and weaponizing velociraptors (“Imagine if we’d had these at Tora Bora,”) even a toe-curling clichéd movie-ending kiss. However let’s not forget the real unsung hero … ‘man with margaritas’. Because when there are pterodactyls flying overhead and snatching people from the ground, what’s more important than saving your cocktails?   Lancaster University, 3rd year student Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!In Girl World, Halloween is the one day a year when a girl can dress up like a total slut and no other girls can say anything else about it. In Dog World, it's a whole different story.We loved them all, but here is a compilation of our favorites from the Tompkin’s Square Park Dog Halloween Parade. LITERALLY WHO THINKS OF SOME OF THESE?                      The Fridog Kahlo, Pomeranian Frites, Bow Down B*tches, and Jurassic Bark pictures were taken by Barnard's very own, very talented, Kiera Wood! You can see more of her photography on her website.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!As we all know, fads pass. And even though your Halloween costume last year was on point, it's time to move on to 2015. We certainly wouldn't want you to experience the embarrassment of trying to pull off that Elsa braid again this year, so we're giving you 6 ways to ensure your costume is current.  This Year: Inside OutFollowing Frozen's November 2013 release and instant success, Halloween 2014 had Anna and Elsa lookalikes galore. Disney/Pixar's Inside Out was the big animated hit this year, and these characters lend themselves to easy costumes for fans of any age. There are also male and female main characters, so a co-ed group of friends can easily go as the whole emotional crew.This Year: Taylor SwiftAriana Grande had the pop star thing on lock last year, but unless you're planning on spoofing her infamous donut incident, this costume is pretty much done. Given that this was obvi the year of T. Swift, there's plenty of ways to become the most-talked-about celeb of 2015 for the night. We're thinking crop tops and sparkle. And don't forget your squad!This Year: Jurassic WorldLast year, Guardians of the Galaxy blew away the box office, and Chris Pratt's Star Lord and his gang of misfit heroes—especially the lovely green-hued Gamora—were insanely popular costumes. But if you missed the Chris Pratt train last Halloween, you can jump on it this year by portraying his Jurassic World co-star Bryce Dallas Howard's prim Claire in an all-white ensemble and killer heels. Or who says you can't dress up as Pratt's Owen Brady? We bet you could take down those dinos without even breaking a sweat!This Year: #TheDressThis year in overexposed Internet phenomena… We were just getting over the non-stop Ice Bucket Challenge chatter when #TheDress came along. So if you're looking to rehash battles we thought we'd all agreed to put to rest, be our guest. For added eyerolls from your fellow partygoers, snag this costume version, which some poor soul seems to have put a lot of thought into. This Year: EmpireWhile Orange Is the New Black jumpsuits were wildly popular last year, Empire has since dominated the TV realm. Move over, Piper; Cookie is coming for you.This Year: Princess CharlotteWhile North West may be Hollywood royalty, she's no longer the only tyke princess on the scene. The world was introduced to precious little Princess Charlotte in May, and we're smitten. Her christening gown and a mini tiara? That's a regal Halloween costume worthy of any collegiette!Don't let your costume get hung in 2014! Which one of these updates will you be sporting this year? Natalie is a communications major at Adrian College who adores Mickey Mouse and will never grow up. She is a self-proclaimed film aficionado, and you can find her haphazard movie review blog at www.apennilesswriter.wordpress.com. She's a storyteller who aspires to voice cartoons, and loves being on air for her college station. To see endless pictures of her pit-mix puppy, follow her on Instagram (@geterdunn51) or Twitter (@NotDunnWriting). Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Name: Jill Gerson Year: Junior Major: Psychology and English Hometown: Washington DC Relationship status: Single Why you chose to come to Bates: It's a beautiful place and it has great classes, professors, and students Fave food: A good steak Dream date: SkydivingPhoto Credit Best place you've ever been: South Africa Place you’ve always wanted to visit: Thailand Funniest TV show: Parks and Rec or South Park  Dream job: A food critic of world famous chefs, so I could get fat and be happy Photo Credit Realistic job: Working with at risk youths Celebrity crush: Chris Pratt (Post-Jurassic World) Describe yourself in three worlds: Super freaking tall Advice on how to survive a Maine winter: Thick coat and cozy socks Go-to pick up line: How you doing? (Joey Tribbiani voice) Photo CreditWords of advice for underclassmen: Enjoy every second Jane is a junior at Bates College, majoring in English and minoring in History. Outside of class, she acts as HCB's Campus Correspondent, dances ballet and practices yoga, religiously listens to Dave Matthews Band, rereads Harry Potter, and is a firm believer that dark chocolate acts as a well-rounded meal. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!As the end of the semester approaches, we here at HC Marywood are looking forward to several things: a regular sleep schedule, a few home-cooked meals and new summer movies! Here are our top five picks for movies to check out this summer:If you liked High School Musical or Rock of Ages… Pitch Perfect 2Release Date: May 15Starring: Anna Kendrick, Rebel Wilson and Brittany SnowGenre: Comedy, MusicalThe sequel to the extremely popular film, Pitch Perfect, the second installment follows the Barden Bellas on their quest for Acapella Glory. The film documents their travels to the National Acapella championship and explores the friendships that blossom along the way.If you liked Saving Mr. Banks… TomorrowlandRelease Date: May 22 Starring: George Clooney, Britt Robertson and Hugh LaurieGenre: Adventure, Sci-FiNamed after a section of Magic Kingdom at Disney World, Tomorrowland follows a teenager and a former boy-genius on their journey to discover the secrets of a place somewhere between time and space.If you liked Dear John and The Lucky One… AlohaRelease Date: May 29Starring: Bradley Cooper, Emma Stone and Rachel McAdamsGenre: Comedy, DramaCelebrated Military Contractor Brian Gilcrest returns to Honolulu, the site of his greatest triumphs and reconnects with a former flame while falling for the hard-charging Air Force watchdog assigned to him. With an all-star cast, including Jay Baruchel, Bill Murray, John Krasinski and Alec Baldwin, this film aims to create the ultimate movie-going experience by blending comedy, drama and romance.If you liked the Jurassic Park series… Jurassic WorldRelease Date: June 12Starring: Chris Pratt and Judy GreerGenre: Action, Adventure, Sci-FiTaking place 22 years after the events of Jurassic Park, a corporate mandate requires the opening of a new attraction that backfires horribly. Although Jurassic World does not bring back any of the original cast members, it is sure to rejuvenate the series for a new generation.If you liked The Incredibles or Monsters Inc. …Inside OutRelease Date: June 19Starring: Diane Lane, Mindy Kaling, Amy PoehlerGenre: Animation, ComedyInside Out follows a young girl named Riley as she struggles after her family relocates to San Francisco. Riley’s life is characterized by five emotions: anger, sadness, disgust, fear and joy. These emotions control Riley’s life and explain her story through her reactions. This potential Disney Pixar classic offers an experience that is enjoyable to people of all ages! Alexandra Goebelbecker is a sophomore Advertising/Public Relations and History/Political Science Major at Marywood University. She co-founded Her Campus Marywood in April 2015 with McKensie Curnow. In addition she is a Frame your Future blogger for the Communications Department, 91.7 VMFM DJ, TV Marywood Public Relations coordinator, TV Marywood News Director and Producer, and Vice President of local sorority, Alpha Sigma Psi. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Name: Mackenzie TobrockeYear: Class of 2018Major: BiologyHometown: Hinesburg, VTActivities: Member of Medvida, Pre Med ClubRelationship Status: Single Describe Yourself in Three Words: Driven, Kind, Studious Favorite Study Spot On Campus: Bailey HoweFavorite Study Spot Off Campus: Yet to be decidedFavorite Dining Hall/ Campus Food: New World TortillaFavorite Part of Burlington: The WaterfrontFavorite Place to Eat in Burlington: Leunigs Celebrity Crush: Scott EastwoodBiggest Pet Peeve: TardinessDream Date: Dinner and Live MusicDeal Breakers: SmokingGuilty Pleasure Food: Milk Chocolate or Ice Cream, especially cookie doughLatest Netflix Addiction: Grey’s Anatomy Dinner or Dessert: DessertMovies or Shopping: MoviesPants or Shorts: PantsCity or Countryside: CountrysideIPhone or Android: IPhoneFacebook, Instagram, or Twitter: Instagram Yay or NayHarry Potter: NayLord of the Rings: NayFootball: NayStarbucks: YayPitch Perfect: YayPineapple: YayDonald Trump: NayJurassic Park: NayOne Direction: Yay Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!