     By now, everyone has heard the recent news about NBA star, and ex-husband of Khloe Kardashian, Lamar Odom. Odom was found unconscious at a brothel in Nevada 3 days after checking in. Very little information has been released about what led him there, but it is well known that Odom has suffered from addiction problems throughout his life. The media has been covering the story heavily, but the angle of the coverage is beginning to take away from the actual problem. Instead, it has changed the focus of the story to how this event has affected people close to Lamar, particularly the Kardashian family. It is expected that pop culture sites such as E! would cover the story essentially from the Kardashians perspective, however, there is a larger issue at hand.     The media is continuously mentioning things like how Khloe Kardashian is inconsolable and how Kim had to leave the hospital to get to a doctors appointment. Lamar Odom is a person with or without the Kardashian family. Just because he was once involved with the family, that does not automatically make them a package deal. It is obviously the media’s job to cover events such as this, but in a situation like this there is a delicate way they have to go about it. Maybe the fact that the focus has been more on the Kardashians is the media’s way of protecting Lamar’s privacy as much as they can.        Social media users have blown up different platforms with posts about the situation as well. While most are heartfelt and meaningful, there of course is the smaller group of people who are choosing to make light of a not-at-all light situation.(found on Twitter)Between the media and people’s social media posts, the situation has been taken to an unnecessary level. Taking negative thoughts to social media will not change anything, and this is definitely not a situation that Hollywood needs to glamorize. What happened to Lamar is a real societal problem. However, while it is an extremely unfortunate circumstance, maybe the fact that this is being so heavily covered in the media will prevent future instances like this from happening.   My name is Paige Kacmar, I am a marketing major at Saint Joseph's University. I am so excited to be part of the HerCampus SJU team. I love every little thing about Saint Joe's and could not imagine myself spending these four years anywhere else. Along with writing for this blog I am also a member of the university's dance team. I am obsessed with basketball season and love cheering on the hawks! When I'm not dancing or writing you can usually find me online shopping at Urban Outfitters, eating Doritos, or stalking Kylie Jenner's Instagram.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Former NBA player and Olympian, Lamar Odom, is making steps towards recovery. The athlete was admitted to Las Vegas’ Sunrise Hospital following an overdose on alcohol and a host of drugs at a Nevada brothel, where he spent over $75,000 over the course of three days. He was rushed to the emergency room last Tuesday when he was found unresponsive at Love Ranch. Estranged wife Khloé Kardashian has been by his bedside since admission to the hospital. Odom’s family and the rest of the Kardashian-Jenner clan have also made visits to the Nevada hospital. Odom was in a coma up until last Friday, and has made progress since waking up. Some significant improvements include speaking (the first time he spoke was to say “Hi” to Khloé), breathing without a ventilator, and communicating through hand signals.On Monday night, Odom was discharged from the Las Vegas hospital and was transported to Cedars-Sinai in L.A., accompanied by Khloé. Despite improvements, he may need a kidney transplant, is being treated for aspiration pneumonia, and is still unable to stand up, even with assistance. It is also believed that he suffered from multiple strokes while at the brothel.Khloé released her first statement on the incident, saying, “The past week has been incredibly difficult,” and is “so thankful to family, friends and fans, who have sent nothing but well wishes to Lamar”.Odom is “making fast progress” and has a strong support group as well as some of the best doctors standing behind him. Josie Lekkas is a sophomore at Fairfield University majoring in Marketing and Management and minoring in French. She loves to write has had her poetry published. She enjoys digital media design and is addicted to instagram! You can usually find her with a coffee in the library or jogging outside! She is an animal lover and a documentary nerd who is addicted to netflix. She enjoys almost every kind of music from classical to classic rock. Follow her on instagram @josie_lekkas! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Unless you live under a rock, you have probably heard about Lamar Odom and his drug overdose at a Nevada brothel on Tuesday, Oct. 13. Since then Khloe Kardashian, who filed for divorce from Lamar in December of 2013, has been by his side the entire time. Due to a back-up in paperwork, the divorce papers were never signed - meaning Khloe and Lamar are still legally married! After an emotional week for Lamar and his loved ones, Khloe and Lamar decided to give marriage another shot. Kardashian fans rejoice! Anyone who has been keeping up with the Kardashians knows how happy Khloe and Lamar made each other. The couple got married after a month-long whirlwind romance, and their marriage lasted four years, until Khloe filed for divorce in 2013 due to substance abuse by Lamar. Khloe and Lamar fans were heartbroken, as was Khloe. Khloe has told the media that she would always love Lamar, and would still be married to him if she had her way. Congrats Khloe, you got what you wished for! (And so did we!) This is what movies are made about.Khloe attempted to move on after her divorce from Lamar by dating other men like French Montana and James Harden, however neither of these relationships compared to the love Khloe and Lamar shared. KUWTK fans tried to be happy for Khloe, but deep down we all missed Lamar. We can't help but notice how happy Lamar made her, and we want the absolute best for Khloe! Khloe and Lamar had something special that we all admired, right down to their matching tattoos on their hand - Khloe with a cursive "LO" and Lamar with a cursive "KO". Now they are giving their love and marriage a second chance, and I can't help but see this as a modern day fairytale. Lamar has a long road to recovery and physical therapy ahead of him. Fortunately, he has the love of his life next to him the entire way. Khloe has committed to helping Lamar through the entire process. In fact, she has not left his side since the news about Lamar broke 10 days ago. Although the circumstances are upsetting, Khloe and Lamar fans are delighted to see the two back together. Best wishes to Khloe and Lamar!   Jordan is from a small town called Coppell, Texas, but has moved to Fayetteville to attend college. She is the Editor-In-Chief and Campus Correspondent for Her Campus Arkansas. She is a junior at the University of Arkansas, who is majoring in Journalism (with an AD/PR emphasis) and minoring in Communications. Her interests include E! network, everything Kardashians and cats.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!In New York City Thursday afternoon a boy, who has been identified as Ewsas Islam, was riding his scooter when he was hit by Lamar Odom's chauffeur-driven car. He passed away on Friday, and his funeral was held on Monday. Right after the crash Odom was seen crying and visibly shaken up. Odom, who was in town for his cousin's funeral, tweeted his condolences, "My thoughts and prayers are with the young boys family..." Jessica Salerno is a senior Magazine Journalism major at Ohio University and originally from Westerville, Ohio. In addition to writing for Her Campus Jessica also writes for the Her Campus Ohio University Branch and plays club soccer. She has an obsession with online shopping and candy, and loves to hang out with her family. Jessica hopes one day to have a career in online or magazine journalism.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Lamar Odom continues to fight for his life at Sunrise hospital in Las Vegas after a drug overdose that occurred yesterday.The 35-year-old former NBA player was rushed to the hospital yesterday after the Nye County Sheriff’s department received a phone call from Dennis Hof’s Bunny Ranch, a brothel in Las Vegas.According to a statement that was issued on the department’s Facebook page, “An ambulance arrived at 3:34 p.m. and the patient, identified as Lamar Odom was stabilized and transported to Desert View Hospital arriving at 4:16 p.m.”“After being treated by the physicians, arrangements were made to transport him by Mercy Air helicopter. However, Mr. Odom was unable to be transported by air due to his stature,” it continues. “He was immediately transported by Pahrump Valley Fire and Rescue Ambulance to Sunrise Hospital in Las Vegas, Nevada for further treatment.”Read the full statement here.A source inside Sunrise Hospital has just released to E! News that drugs were found in Odom’s system and doctors are treating the situation as an overdose. At the time being, he remains unconscious and on a ventilator, but he is still alive.Odom suffered from “a loss of oxygen, but also a possible stroke,” according to the source. “So, likely there’s brain damage, but they’re not sure how much. Virtually every drug imaginable was found in his system.”E! News reports that Odom appears to have suffered an ischemic stroke, which occurs when a blood clot or plaque blocks blood flow to the brain and is typically associated with a drug overdose.Odom, who is known to previously have drug-related issues, is being treated for an accidental overdose. “The long term effects of his drug use have taken a toll on his body and the binge this time was too much to handle,” the source told the publication.According to Dennis Hof, owner of the Bunny Love Ranch where Odom was found, no illicit drugs were found in the basketball player’s room. Two employees of the brothel found Odom.“When they saw him at 3:30 p.m., he was foaming at the mouth,” Hof said. “There was some blood coming out of him. The 911 operator asked them to turn him on his left side and of course he’s a big guy, so it was a big challenge.”Not long after the story broke last night, Khloe Kardashian, along with mom Kris and sister Kim, flew to Vegas to be by Odom’s side. According to a source for E! News, “Khloe is completely inconsolable and heartbroken.”Khloe entered the Intensive Care Unit of the hospital around 10 p.m. last night and has not left his side since, we can confirm.Kris Jenner has been by her daughter’s side as well, and was photographed outside of the hospital sometime between 3 a.m. and 5 a.m.Kobe Bryant and Lakers’ general manager Mitch Kupchak were also seen entering and leaving the hospital last night.“We are all currently praying for Lamar and wish him the best,” former Laker and current Lakers broadcaster Mychal Thompson told E! News exclusively. “Our prayers are with Lamar and his family.”Shortly after the news broke last night, Kylie Jenner suddenly ended a live stream she was in the middle of doing. She tweeted 21 minutes later, “Had to end my live stream. I love you guys.”The family has remained relatively quiet on social media since. However, supermodel Kendall Jenner turned to Twitter this morning with an apparent message to Odom. “Please don’t go,” she tweeted.Many other celebrities have taken to twitter to show support for the ex-NBA star. Among them are Dwayne Wade, Miles Teller, Ariel Winter, RJ Mitte, the Miami Heat and many more.More information on this story is to come. Taylor is a junior at Temple University in Philadelphia. She is pursuing a major in journalism with a minor in English. Taylor is a member of Delta Zeta and she hopes to work for a magazine after college. Some of Taylor's favorite things include fashion, fitness, Harry Potter, Chipotle, and Instagram. Find her on Twitter and Instagram @Tay_Carson! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Lamar Odom is making a miraculous recovery after an overdose last week in Las Vegas. Doctors found traces of cocaine and several types of other drugs in the former NBA Lakers player's system. This is not the first time that Lamar has partied with drugs and other substances. He has struggled with sobriety throughout his life and has always been surrounded by tragedies and fatalities. Lamar was in a coma for a few days after being found unconscious in his hotel room from a weekend of partying. When he finally woke up the first person he sees is Khloè Kardashian (who was in the process of divorce with him). There are very little details regarding the amount of physical and mental damage that Lamar obtained through the overdose, but we do know that Khloé is going to help in his recovery and rehabilitation.The couple has been through a lot over the last six years and it is almost unbelievable that they are going to give it another go. With rumors of infidelity and drug abuse, Lamar wore out Khloé and over the last year we have seen her trying to move on by dating other men including rapper French Montana and basketball player James Harding. To understand the difficulty of their relationship, let’s start from the beginning.Lamar and Khloé met August 27th and less than a month later Lamar proposed to Khloé and they rushed to put together a wedding in five days so that they could get married on September 27th. Although no one believed that they could really be in love with each other after a month, they proved themselves through a reality show, Khloe and Lamar.Rumors surfaced in 2012 about the couple as women stepped forward claiming to have slept with Lamar. The couple ignored it and continued on with their marriage. Early in 2013, divorce rumors came out and the couple denied them.After continuously using drugs and drinking heavily, Khloé gave Lamar an ultimatum, rehab or a divorce. Lamar was not able to give up his addiction and the couple began the process of separating. When their 4-year anniversary came around, the couple tried to work out their differences. Things were going well until a video on Lamar’s phone was found where he rapped about doing drugs and cheating on his wife. That seemed to be the last straw and Khloé filed for divorce in December of 2013.Lamar went missing for weeks at a time and his career as an NBA basketball player has gone up and down. There hasn’t been much news about him until the recent overdose. Khloé, who has admitted a few times on the show Keeping Up with the Kardashians that she still cares for and loves Lamar, rushed to the hospital to stand by his side. This upsetting event has brought the couple closer and they’ve probably realized what is really important to them, each other. Due to the huge delay on the divorce papers, they were never officially approved by a judge so, Khloé was able to take them back as the couple tries to rebuild their marriage.We will have to see if Lamar’s recovery really brings them back together or if it is really just another excuse to try something that just does not work. Mia Foley is a beautiful girl who just wants to have a little fun and get herself out there via Her Campus.
Swipe right Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Professional American basketball player Lamar Odom has been all over the news lately, after being found unconscious in a Nevada brothel. The 35 year old championship player suffered from multiple strokes during the time he was down in his room, and reportedly had significant amounts of cocaine, opiates and “herbal Viagra”, known to be legal but very dangerous, in his system. Currently, Lamar is on life support and in a coma. It is also reported that his doctors believe he likely suffers brain damage due to the strokes and combined drug use, as he briefly awoke at the hospital but showed little signs of brain activity.Besides starring on “Keeping Up With The Kardashians” and “Khloe and Lamar” during his marriage to Khloe Kardashian, Lamar was known since a young age as a talented athlete and a generous, kind person who was said to have been paying 20-30 people’s rent at one point. Lamar has suffered a great deal throughout his life, which is part of the reason why he has found himself in dark traps. His mother passed away from cancer when he was 12, and he grew up in Queens, New York with a heroin addict father. Later on, his aunt died within the same time that his 6 month old son Jayden passed away in his crib from SIDS, a tragedy in itself. Also, this past June two of Lamar’s best friends passed, adding to his tragic history and downfall with drugs and alcohol. One of these friends being Jamie, best friend to Lamar since childhood, best man at his and Khloe’s wedding and frequent star on “Khloe and Lamar”.While you can’t blame the series of tragic events in his life for his drug use, it certainly makes sense why Lamar has been struggling his entire life and has spiraled out of control. His childhood coach and close friend Gary Charles stated, “Lamar has a million dollar smile and would give you his shirt off his back. But, he never learned how to say the word 'no.'… It's tough because this kid is like a son to me all of those years, and honestly, I've always been worried I would get a phone call like this. I can't say I'm surprised. I have worried about this day for as long as I've known him. Everyone close to him has worried, and we are all praying he makes it.”Many friends and family members have come forward on social media talking about how great of a person Lamar is, and how saddened they are by his situation. Kobe Bryant even left a game early to be by Lamar’s bedside. Khloe Kardashian and Lamar’s divorce has not yet been finalized, so at this time she is left to make the decisions in the Las Vegas hospital about what steps to take.Right now, we should not focus on the Kardashian/Jenner clan, or on the fact that yes, Lamar had been abusing drugs, but rather on hoping for a recovery for this amazing athlete with a great heart during this horrible time.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!As busy college students it is all too easy to shut out the world outside of our college campuses, but now you can finally keep up with breaking stories from around the world. Here you can get a sharp and easy-to-digest weekly roundup on what is going on in the news – and even better, you can read it in 5 minutes or less.Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders, Martin O’Malley, Jim Webb, and Lincoln Chafee, the Democratic presidential candidates, faced off for the first time on Tuesday night. Clinton got the most airtime at about thirty-one minutes, followed closely by Sanders. The two are argued to be the most influential and are likely to be nominated by the Democratic Party in 2016. Officials of the Obama administration say that the president is increasingly willing to keep Y.S. forces, in large numbers, in Afghanistan. Military presence would be enough to fight Qaeda and the Islamic State militants. Not too long ago, Obama had hoped to bring the troops home before leaving office in January 2017.Planned Parenthood has been under heavy fire recently, especially in the debates and platforms of the Republican presidential candidates. The organization released a statement that they will no longer provide compensation for the costs of giving fetal tissue for medical research. After a movement to defund Planned Parenthood, many pro-life activists call this new policy an “admission of guilt.”On Tuesday, October 13th Odom was found unconscious inside a brothel in Nevada and hospitalized. Odom, who has battled addiction, was married to reality star Khloe Kardashian. When the two split in 2013, Odom started to spiral out of control. The six-foot-ten basketball player won the NBA Championship with the Los Angeles Lakers in 2009 and 2010. He remains in the hospital. California has had a serious drought issue for years now, resulting in blazing wildfires and water shortages. U.S. Representative Janice Hahn discovered a proposal that would ship nine billion gallons of water a year from Alaska to California. The water would come with a price, however, of six cents per gallon as opposed to the half a cent per gallon California pays at the moment. However, Hahn said the idea is still worth exploring.  Ally Hutzler
Writer, swimmer, and coffee-lover. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus! What: Compared to the likes of Tupac, Eminem and Jay-Z, Kendrick Lamar is back for the second time, now headlining, at the O’dome. You may remember him from his best-selling song “Swimming Pools” from his 2012 album, “Good Kid, m.A.A.d city.”  Sponsored by SGP, this concert is open to the general public. Seats are still available for the show, but hurry!Further Details: The remaining tickets are running for $17.30. Doors open at 7:30 p.m., and the show is scheduled to run until 10:30 p.m. Concessions will be open and parking is first come, first serve.  Journalism major with a minor in education. Currently a copywriter for Infinite Energy. Twitter handle: @DiadysFig Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Khloe Kardashian, often called the “Ugly One,” in her family is facing the real ugly truth this year. The 27-year-old flew into the media when her relationship with husband Lamar Odom, blew up. First, a much needed recap of their love affair.Lamar and Khloe met in 2009 while attending a Hollywood party. Shortly after, they began a swift romance and within two days of announcing their engagement, married, all of which was captured on the hit E! reality show, Keeping Up With The Kardashians.Despite the quickness of their intimacy, the couple seemed to be going strong. Moments on their reality show captured their sincere connection. This was no Kim and Ray J.  Khloe often teased Lamar for his candy addiction and getting chocolate stains on the bed (unless he really did have some bladder control issues, but that’s another article).Unfortunately, Lamar’s sweet tooth was not the biggest problem in their relationship. Lamar, an All-Star basketball player since high school, also reportedly suffers from a crack addiction.Earlier in their relationship, Lamar was quoted saying that Khloe’s intelligence surprised but also impressed him. If he was so aware of these smarts, he should have known that if Khloe suspected any funny business, she would get right on that. Sources for Perez Hilton claim that Khloe hired a Private Investigator and acquired photographic proof of Lamar cheating on her with five separate women, one of whom, Polina Polonsky, Lamar shacked up with after Khloe kicked him out for his first cheating suspicion. Polina, a not-so-prominent lawyer in L.A., appeared on TMZ, claiming that Lamar was already well invested in his crack addiction when he lived with her. Polonsky also claimed that the addiction got worse after his departure.Reports have surfaced within the past couple of weeks that Lamar had finally checked himself in rehab, but every crazed photog has spotted him around town. Lamar’s weight has gone down significantly, a sure sign someone is an addict or just has a really good personal trainer. One TMZ report claimed that Lamar’s CVS purchase of copper scrubbers went towards homemade crack pipes. Maybe he just really wants to get the grease off the hotel stove?Khloe’s online actions seem to confirm the trouble haunting their relationship. Earlier this week, Khloe tweeted two cryptic messages within hours of each other:“Sometimes you just gotta be your own hero and save your own little heart. Because sometimes, the people you can’t imagine living without, can actually live without you.”And the most obvious: “I see the pain in your pride.”Nobody wants to see such a meant-to-be relationship fall so hard. Listen, Lamar, you’re no Bobby Brown and she’s no Whitney Houston. Get your act together, this relationship deserves some babies and butt implants, not a divorce filled with infidelity and dirty drugs. Chastity DeLorme is a art enthusiast, writer, and pop culture lover. She currently lives in Boston, MA, finishing up her degree in Film, Television & Interactive Media with a minor in Business. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!