Our thoughts go out to all of those affected by the senseless violence in Paris. Je Suis Paris. Linguist, sports enthusiast & all-around adventurer with a severe case of wanderlust. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Amour et de solidarité à tous à Paris.Amor y solidaridad a todos en París.Love and solidarity to everyone in Paris.Personal image, June 2010. Part-time English major, full-time witch. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Our thoughts are on and our prayers are for Paris during this horrible time. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Sending our love and prayers to this beautiful city #PrayersforParis Valentina De Santis, from Princeton, New Jersey, is a double major in Communication Studies and Media Arts, with a minor in Fashion Marketing. She spent her entire junior year of college studying abroad in Rome and managed to travel throughout 10 different countries. While abroad, she interned as a Fashion Journalist. Prior to her international experience, she also styled clothes for celebrities and models at Karla Otto and assisted with accessories at Cosmopolitan Magazine. Valentina continues to take on many important roles and will be graduating from Sacred Heart University in May of 2016. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Her Campus NYU members took to Instagram to show their support for the the tragedies this weekend in Paris and elsewhere. #PeaceforParis #PeacefortheWorld"Regram from @nyunews || the NYU community mourns with Paris today (photo: @ms_buchak)""HCNYU members#prayforparis and to all of our friends at NYU Paris -- stay safe""Ceux qui aiment. Ceux qui aiment la vie. À la fin, c'est toujours eux qui gagnent. Qu'elle est belle, la devise de Paris: Fluctuat Nec Mergitur @joannsfar #PrayforParis""Paris is a city of magic. A place that I was fortunate enough to call home for the best four months of my life. Paris is a city that changes people for the better, a city that captures a piece of the heart of every visitor. I can never repay Paris for what it gave me. There is no way to explain this senseless loss of life. But I know that nothing and no one will take away the strength, magic and beauty of Paris and its people. Pray for this city, the people it lost and the horrific acts of violence taking place all over the world.""je t'aime paris""mon cœur est brisé. paris je t'aime et je prie pour vous"Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!"je t'aime paris"Join the KSU Muslim Students' Association in remembering those lost during the attacks in Paris over the weekend. The vigil will take place in front of the Student Center. Come prepared to hear prayers, poems and words of remembrance. #PrayforParis Hey I'm Samantha, a Kent State sophomore! I'm working towards a journalism major with a minor in writing. I love photography and writing and I'm so glad I get to combine both through HerCampus. I hope you all enjoy reading my stories as much as I enjoy writing them! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!HC Penn State Berks would like to send our prayers to the people of Paris. #PrayforParis HCXO!Bree McKenney is a senior Professional Writing major at Penn State Berks. She is the Campus Correspondent for the Her Campus chapter at Berks and she's also involved in the Blue&White Society. In addition to that, she is currently an RA, Peer Mentor, Multicultural Mentor, and a S.A.I.L. Mentor. She loves fashion and has been writing style blogs for Her Campus for a year now.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!The world is full of color, even in the most unlikely of places.  Evan Grogan is a junior at the College of the Holy Cross who is studying abroad for the year at the University of St Andrews. She is an English and Art History double major and eventually hopes to attend graduate school for journalism and write for The New York Times. When Evan is not busy with school and writing for both Holy Cross' newspaper and Her Campus, she loves to read; go for runs; and spend time with her friends. She is obsessed with the color navy, rainbow sprinkles, and anything involving glitter. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Our thoughts and prayers are with the Paris community, families, and our world!  Her Campus TCU Staff! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!