Here are 3 reasons why Ronda Rousey is the ultimate Women Crush Wednesday!1. She is undefeated…As of now, Ronda Rousey is 12-0-0 with 3 knockouts. She is a mixed martial artist, judoka, and undefeated in the UFC. Not only is she undefeated, Ronda is also a Bantamweight Champion. (Bantamweight meaning fighters under 135 pounds). Out of the twelve females she has fought, she has always came out on top. 2. Rousey is a huge supporter of positive body image.During interviews Ronda talks about how there should never be a certain “cookie cutter” shape every girl or woman should aspire to be. During her photoshoot for the cover of Sports Illustrated, she explained that growing up she always felt her body was “uncommon” and never saw her body as being the “conventional feminine body type”. Now looking back, she says that every muscle in her body has a purpose, and no one is going to have the same body type. She is a role model for body image because she supports all body types out there and pushes every female to make their body what they want of it. 3. She is the first woman to be on the cover of Mens Health!Rhonda Rousey is the first women to be on the cover of the magazine Mens Health ever. She will be featured on the Australia edition due to the fact her next fight will be against Holly Holm in Melbourne on November 15th. Rhonda Rousey’s name is becoming more and more heard of since she is an undefeated UFC fighter, an actress, and is breaking more and more barriers even outside of the ring. She is huge supporter of everything she does and she gives each fight her all, just like all her beliefs in life. Check out her next fight against Holm on November 15th in Melbourne, Australia and see if she keeps her title as an undefeated UFC champion, because she is one tough chick you won’t want to miss!   Hey there!
 My names Anna! Die hard hockey fan and a Journalism major at UIC!
Writing is a passion and a passion I have. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!When Holly Holm took down Ronda Rousey on Sunday with her notorious head kick, she made professional fighting history. Holm is now the first person (man or woman) to hold boxing, MMA, and UFC championship titles. But her show stopping knockout of Rousey in only 59 seconds was not the only takeaway value of the night. Holm and Rousey's fight has taught us some important lessons on sportsmanship and what it means to be humble, even in the spotlight.For those of you who aren't familiar with Ronda Rousey, she's the girl who started women's UFC, and is easily the league's superstar. She's garnered celebrity status from her fight with Beth Correia, when she knocked out her opponent in 34 seconds, and has been undefeated up until her match against Holm. She's appeared on Jimmy Fallon, had photos in Sports Illustrated, and is soon to be a movie star. But Rousey's fame and esteemed attitude may have led to her defeat by Holm.During weigh-ins, Rousey was unnecessarily aggressive and badmouthed Holm, while Holm kept a straight face and said a few respectful words about her opponent. And right before the fight, when the two were meant to touch gloves as a sign of mutual respect, Rousey refused to tap fists with her opponent. To Rousey fans and avid UFC watchers, this display of attitude may not have been a surprise. Rousey is known for her bad sportsmanship. She consistently talks herself up, claiming that she is the best female fighter in the world, and mocked her earlier opponent Beth Correia by saying "don't cry" straight after knocking her out. The displays before this highly prestigious fight were no different.Perhaps a kick to the head was just what Rousey needed. Holm showed that staying humble, even as a first class athlete and world champion, is what brings home the cake and garners respect. Ironically enough, Rousey predicted how the fight would go, minus the fact that she would be losing for the very same reasons she thought she would win. "I feel like she's going to try to like keep distance and keep far away from me and get me frustrated to the point I'll make a mistake and she can try to kick me in the head," Rousey said on Jimmy Fallon a few months back. With a big ego and clouded mind, that's exactly what Rousey let happen.Despite their differences, Holm checked to see if Rousey was okay after the fight, and kept her modest standing. She even offered up a second chance for Rousey, and said that "a rematch is a kind of unspoken sense to [her]." Holm has proved herself a worthy and respectful opponent. Only time will tell if Rousey will take up her offer at a rematch, and reclaim her respect and bantamweight belt. Growing up in a free-spirited family, Amanda was always interested in the arts, whether it was writing, painting or making movies with her friends. She is a graphic design major who has a passion for fashion, film, and all things fantasy. After graduating from University she plans on pursuing a career in design, and to continue writing for pleasure (or profit!).Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Ronda Rousey is an American mixed martial artist and actress, who is one of the highest paid UFC fighters and women's bantamweight champion. She was undefeated until recently, and ranked number one of the 50 most dominant athletes alive. Not only is she an incredible athlete, she is an advocate for women who face insecurities every day."When I was in school, martial arts made you a dork, and I became self-conscious that I was too masculine. I was a 16-year-old girl with ringworm and cauliflower ears. People made fun of my arms and called me 'Miss Man.' It wasn't until I got older that I realized: these people are idiots. I'm fabulous." As a woman in society we are exposed daily, we are taught to expose ourselves sexually, and expected to conform to the ideal image of true beauty. Rousey teaches women to not shy away from insecurities but to embrace them. As Ronda says, we should not be scared of people disliking us - we should be women, whether we are big, tall, fat, skinny or masculine. Every bone and muscle of our bodies has a purpose because we aren't, as Ronda calls them, a "DNB" - a Do Nothing B***h. If you are trying to become a strong independent woman, you shouldn't be a DNB, "the kinda chick that tries to be pretty and taken care of by somebody else." We should realize that as women we "have to be willing to do the hard work," and "overcome the challenges and sacrifices" that men in society impose on us.Ronda Rousey stands up for female empowerment by tearing down barriers. She is the first female to ever fight inside of the octagon - a place where women are forbidden to fight. Rousey isn't just fighting for herself. She fights for all women, in hope that young girls "understand that they can truly do anything If they put their minds and hearts into it." She takes control by tearing down the stereotypes.Ronda Rousey is a force to be reckoned with. She is all the things men fear, and all things women should stand for. For the young ladies who are feeling insecure and down, you are beautiful. No human can make you feel as good as you yourself can. Because once we give someone power over us, that power will begin to define our beauty. That power we give away allows someone to tell us that we are “unworthy, and once you start caring about people's opinions of you, you give up control.”  Photo Credit: 1, 2, 3Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!What if your adopted sister tried to kill you? It happened to this girl. [xoJane]10 signs you're definitely not over your ex. [YourTango]Woo! Spam has fallen to an all-time low! [Quartz]What do you drink while studying? [Textbook Rush]The best rest stop in America. [Atlas Obscura]What is it like to be a beared lady? [The Huffington Post]If only all starting salaries were like this. [The New York Times]Climbing a tree could be good for your brain. [Newser]What salad green is the betchiest? [Betches Love This]Ronda Rousey is an inspiration. [Elite Daily] Cara Sprunk has been the Managing Editor of Her Campus since fall 2009. She is a 2010 graduate of Cornell University where she majored in American Studies with a concentration in cultural studies. At Cornell Cara served as the Assistant Editor of Red Letter Daze, the weekend supplement to the Cornell Daily Sun where she also wrote for the news and arts section and blogged about pop culture. In her free time Cara enjoys reading, shopping, going to the movies, exploring and writing. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!You’ve likely heard Ronda Rousey’s name a lot over the past few days. After all, the UFC fighter did beat Bethe Correia in just 34 seconds at UFC 190 over the weekend, returning the “don’t cry” barb her trash-talking opponent had walloped her way before the match even started.And while the powerhouse is still riding out her victory, she’s got something else to celebrate: a starring role in her very own biopic. Because who better to reenact some of her most infamous fights than Rousey herself?The film will be based on Rousey’s New York Times best-selling book, My Fight/Your Fight. Her meteoric rise to fame is the focus of her autobiography, but few specifics are known about what details will make it into the movie. What we do know is there’s plenty to tell, from starting out as the youngest competitor of her kind to earn a spot in the 2004 Olympics in Athens to becoming a worldwide sensation just a decade later in a largely male-dominated sports landscape.You don’t have to worry about Rousey’s acting skills either. She’s already had scene-stealing roles in The Expendables 3, Entourage and Furious 7, and is set to star in the upcoming action-thriller Mile 22. So while some are already dubbing her the female Rock, we’re pretty sure this fighter is beyond compare.  Are you eager to see Ronda Rousey star in her own biopic, collegiettes? Erin is the Assistant Editor of Her Campus. She graduated from Belmont University in 2015, where she studied English and Elementary Education. Before joining the team full-time, she was a national contributing blogger, viral content writer and editorial intern at HC. In addition to her work for Her Campus, Erin was formerly an editorial assistant at Nfocus Magazine and has been published by HelloGiggles and Man Repeller. In her free time, you can find Erin falling for yet another TV boyfriend (her long list of ex-lovers includes Nathan Scott, Chuck Bass and Pacey Witter, to name a few), reading chick lit and/or celeb memoirs and hanging with her puppy/soulmate, Cooper. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!If you don’t know her yet, you certainly know someone talking about her. She goes by “Rowdy” Ronda Rousey. She serves as the Ultimate Fighting Championship’s (UFC) reigning bantamweight champion and a powerful role model for girls and women everywhere.   Rousey’s undefeated record and incredibly quick fights bring her to spotlight as a ferocious athlete. In fact, she has also won a bronze medal in judo at the 2008 Summer Olympics. This writer stumbled upon her while scrolling through Facebook where she was selling T-shirts with the proceeds going to mental health and those struggling with eating disorders. After reading all about her and her amazing drive to inspire stronger women, I immediately purchased two. Both have the "Don't be a DNB" image printed on them. Rousey states in an interview that a "DNB" is a woman who expects things to be done for her and have a man's millions of dollars at her disposal. She says she's anything but that type of girl and hopes others will follow her lead! Click here to see the full video Beyonce also used Rousey’s empowering body image speech to open her set at the “Made In America” festival in Philadelphia  That same speech has empowered athletically built women everywhere to embrace their stronger figures. Rousey even went as far to call out Floyd Mayweather (a boxer known for domestic violence) at the ESPY Awards this past year. She has also given time to many martial arts schools in Brazil, where mixed martial arts fighting is immensely popular, to teach judo clinics to young girls.  Rousey’s mother was the first American woman to win a world championship in judo (also while pursuing a Ph.D in engineering, WOW!) and her older sister works as a journalist. Co-authoring with her sister, Ronda shares her life story and struggles in her book, My Fight, Your Fight. The book itself is a New York Times Bestseller and is currently being considered for movie production. As if that wasn’t enough, Rousey has also been called on for roles in major action films, including “Furious 7” and “The Expendables 3.”  Rousey’s realism and pure fierceness has inspired so many, so quickly and brought light to issues the public tends to ignore. As young women, we could use a voice behind body positivity and someone who understands the impact of mental health on our lives. Ronda brings that to the UFC (and the world!) with every fight. Her hand wraps often have quotes on them to remind her why she's fighting. In her past fight with Bethe Corriea, her wraps paid tribute to her late father, whom she lost to suicide.  While Taylor Swift defines our lives through song, we should let Ronda Rousey armbar the stigma of mental illness and eating disorders while continuing her path to becoming the most dominate female athlete in all of sports.As a Speech Communication major with an option in Public Relations, it's only natural that I write and inform my publics of the latest and greatest things out there. I am new to Her Campus Millersville this semester and hope you'll enjoy my articles in the mix of all this fabulous talent.Here are a few things about me... - I love sports, music and technology. My weekends are often spent adjusting fantasy football line-ups or checking out a concert. - My guilty pleasures include slushies, sweatpants and binge watching Friends. - I am inspired by my professors and Ronda Rousey on a regular basis. They always remind me to stay passionate. - My favorite foods are burritos. There are many foods within a burrito and they are AMAZING together.  - I swear by the fabulous things I find on Pintrest and love to go on road trips with my boyfriend. Not to mention I can often be caught watching cartoons, especially Phinaes and Ferb, because I refuse to ever let go of my inner child. It inspires my imagination and curiousity. Those are what got me into media in the first place. I have to share that magic. Please enjoy! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!It’s no secret that this CC is a proponent of Ronda Rousey; I wrote a piece on her feud with Floyd Mayweather a while back. In all her flaws, and there are plenty, her reign as the UFC Bantamweight Champion has given me a lot of hope for the future of women’s athletics. She was undefeated, she was unstoppable, and she was the 100th percentile.Well, there is no 100th percentile. That was proven this weekend in an incredible upset, when Holly Holm became the girl to beat. There’s a lot of speculation about what this means for Rousey, with plenty saying that now that her streak is over, so is she.Image from NJ.comIt doesn’t have to be that way. Either we can see this as the end of a legacy, or we can see it as the passing of the torch.Rousey was the first UFC female champion, and until she came on the scene, UFC President, Dana White, had absolutely no interest in having women compete in his company. Word is, he’s taking her loss pretty hard. Rousey came to UFC to compete, and she came there to win, but in the process, she built up the women’s division.If we thought that Rousey was an anomaly, a fluke, or the only woman who could possibly draw that kind of attention, Holm just proved us all wrong. She didn’t just win that fight, she knocked Rousey clean out. It was a tough loss for Rousey, but it means so much for the division. She started a bit of a revolution in MMA, showing she was as capable as any man in that Octagon. Now it’s Holm’s turn to continue her work.Image from http://www.gannett-cdn.com/Recently the talk has been all about her legacy. The thing is, Rousey is more than an undefeated record. Maybe it’s a bummer to remember her as the girl who almost retired undefeated, but I’d rather remember her as the girl who changed the way the game was played.“You have to be able to beat anyone on twice on your worst day,” she says, and this weekend, she couldn’t. That doesn’t change who she is and what she’s done. This isn’t over. Actually, it’s just begun. Jordan Chaffiotte is a 3rd year Professional Communications at PhilaU with a minor in Fashion Merchandising Management. Outside of class, she runs their Her Campus Chapter, is a Lead for Colleges Against Cancer, Treasurer for Gemini Theater, participates in Hillel, and will be inducted into ODK later this year. It's maybe kind of possible she's a workaholic. Even on the busiest weeks, however, there's always time for an eclectic mix of hobbies that ranges  from fashion blogs to WWE. Catch her on twitter at @thestylegirl and @Jacydance on Instagram! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Combat sports may not be every colligate’s thing, but you’ve definitely heard these two names: Floyd Mayweather and Ronda Rousey . As dominate forces in their respective sports (MMA for Rousey and boxing for Mayweather) they’ve gotten a lot of attention recently, bringing some mainstream appeal into their industry. It’s an understatement to say these two could not be more different. Mayweather is known as a savvy businessman who makes millions off of the same pay-per-views he main events. Rousey is known as the headstrong, outspoken, sometimes brash woman who is changing the game.Rousey and Mayweather, photo from people.comBut they do share one common quality: no one has been able to beat them. Rousey, whose last title defense fits on Instagram video, was even named by Sports Illustrated as “The World’s Most Dominate Athlete” in May. It was huge for female athletes, as she beat out men such as Labron James, Cristiano Ronaldo, and yes, Floyd Mayweather. Yet, Mayweather famously claimed he didn’t even know who she was, “Whoever she is… I wish her nothing but the best.”That didn’t fly with Rousey, a woman who makes it clear how hard she’s fought to gain this level of success. In July, that sucess continued, as she won the EPSY Award for Best Fighter. The never-shy Rousey took the opportunity to call him out. “ I wonder how Floyd feels being beat by a woman for once,” she said, potentially alluding to allegations of domestic abuse, “I’d like to see you pretend not to know who I am now”Rousey at the ESPYs, Gif from Tumblr.comThis is a feud based on pride, and pride is something very crucial to being a successful fighter. Their media fight turned recently, and brought in the thing Mayweather is most known for: money.Mayweather  on the cover of the ESPN Money Issue, Photo from ESPNfrontrow.com“I’ve yet to see any MMA fighter…make over $300 million in 36 minutes” he said in an interview after her remarks, “When she can do that, then call me.” But Rousey didn’t take that one lying down, responding on TMZ “I actually did the math and given the numbers of my last fight… I think I actually make 2-3 times more per second…So when he learns to read and write, he can text me.” Their public back-and-forth has always danced around the idea of them fighting each other, and it’s been dismissed as impossible with their difference in fighting styles. On top of that, Rousey acknowledges the bad PR that sort of fight would bring. Mayweather, on the other hand, said just last week that he would pay $100,000 to any woman who could beat him. If Mayweather remains victorious, however, “She will have to make me a sandwich-that’s what I get for winning.” We'll let that stament speak for itself. Gif from mediacache.com Jordan Chaffiotte is a 3rd year Professional Communications at PhilaU with a minor in Fashion Merchandising Management. Outside of class, she runs their Her Campus Chapter, is a Lead for Colleges Against Cancer, Treasurer for Gemini Theater, participates in Hillel, and will be inducted into ODK later this year. It's maybe kind of possible she's a workaholic. Even on the busiest weeks, however, there's always time for an eclectic mix of hobbies that ranges  from fashion blogs to WWE. Catch her on twitter at @thestylegirl and @Jacydance on Instagram! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Professional sports are a boys' club, particularly ultimate fighting. But with an undefeated record, an Olympic medal, and some of the sickest hair in the octagon, Ronda Rousey is giving the guys a run for their money. Here's a rundown of why you might have just found your new #WomanCrushWednesday.She's undefeatedRousey is one of MMA's top fighters...and for good reason. Her average fight time is 4 minutes, 17 seconds. The UFC average is nearly 10 minutes. She's an OlympianShe qualified for the Olympic team for the first time at age in 2004 at age 17, the youngest Judo fighter in the Games. She was also the first American female ever to place in Olympic Judo, bringing home a bronze medal in 2008. She's an MMA pioneerShe was the first ever (and is still the) UFC Women's Bantamweight Champion. She wants athletes to be held accountableOn the heels of Anderson 'The Spider' Silva testing positive for performance enhancing drugs, Rousey called for more rigorous testing of MMA fighters saying "I thought it was a real shame that I was being tested more stringently at 16 than as a world-champion fighter... It’s another human being [hitting] another human being harder....these people are taking unnatural levels of punishment, and something bad is going to happen.”She's branching outCan't stomach even Rousey's notoriously short matches? You can find her on the big screen, in upcoming appearances in "Expendables 3" and "Fast and Furious 7." Follow HCND on Twitter, like us on Facebook, Pin with us and show our Instagram some love!Images: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Saturday Night Live took girl power to the next level in their latest outing, as Selena Gomez played musical guest and MMA superstar, Ronda Rousey, hosted the late night show. It looks like life after Justin Bieber suits Gomez pretty well because she took the SNL stage by storm, and she certainly didn’t hold anything back.Her first performance featured a center stage Selena, encircled by a group of gorgeous men snapping to a mashup of “Same Old Love” and “Good For You.”But that's not the performance everyone is talking about. For “Hands to Myself,” Selena basically turned the SNL stage into a scene from 50 Shades of Grey, as she appeared dressed in a short, silky black lingerie slip. No one—including Selena's two backup dancers—kept their hands to themselves, and things got very hot and steamy, to say the least.It's another in a series of sharp alterations from the squeaky clean image Selena has managed to mantain growing up in the spotlight. But we have to say we're happy Selena is confident and not afraid to bring the sexy—whether it be in her ensembles or choreography. And that embarrassed little giggle she let out at the end of her performance was just too adorable. We are #TeamSelena, always. Ally Meyerowitz is a junior at San Diego State University. She is currently trying to pursue a degree in Journalism with an Italian language minor. She is a Jersey girl born and raised, and she will always be a Jersey girl at heart. When she's not scrolling endlessly through her Instagram and Facebook feeds, you can usually find her watching movies, hanging out with friends or eating chocolate. After college, she hopes to become an entertainment editor at a major publication in New York City. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!