Join UBP for a $3 movie! This weeks showings include "Straight Outta Compton"! Aleixka is a junior at James Madison University with a major in journalism and minors in Spanish and studio art. Some of her interests include reading, traveling, food, and photography. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!CAB and Hittsquad Empire present Netflix and Chill! Bring your favorite cuddle items and prepare to enjoy Straight Outta Compton in the CAU Multipurpose Room. Admission is free and a concession stand will be provided. Don't miss this twist to your normal chill session CAU Kayla Antoinette Walker has always been an ambitious and motivated young woman and has always set high standards for herself. She is an aspiring event/wedding coordinator majoring in Business Administration with a concentration in Marketing at the illustrious Clark Atlanta University in Atlanta, GA. She chose to attend Clark Atlanta after graduating Valedictorian of her high school class at Carver High School in Columbus, GA. As a junior, Kayla has a passion for mentoring and wants to bring a sense of pride and empowerment to the women of Clark Atlanta to encourage them to "be fearless in the pursuit of what sets your soul on fire". Kayla says to always be a girl with a mind, a woman with attitude, and a lady with class. Go forth and be great! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Inspired by the popular film, "Straight Outta Compton," student services staff member, Tami English, memed herself to let the world know that she is "Straight Outta Brenau!"  (Photocredits: Facebook) My name is Kenya Hunter! I am a freshman at Brenau University as a Mass Communications major. My focus is journalism! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Join Sankofa for a film screening of Straight Outta Compton with a special guest speaker that will surely spark a rich discussion about culture and history, co-sponsored by SUBOG and UConn's Hip-Hop Collective.  Doors open at 5:30pm.THIS EVENT IS FREE!!!!For more information, contact: Sankofa at Kayla.Edwards@ucon.edu  Cover Photo Credit Nikki is the Vice President and Editorial/Tech Assistant for Her Campus UConn.  She is a junior majoring in Communication.  Nikki wishes she was Beyoncé, eats more pasta than is probably recommended, and is a Ravenclaw at heart.  Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Come see Straight Outta Compton all weekend for only $3ImageDo you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!No one deserves this week’s Man Crush Monday more than one of the stars of the number one movie out right now! This week’s MCM also goes by the name “OMG,” and recently played his father in the movie Straight Outta Compton. It’s only right we make O’Shea Jackson, Jr. this week’s MCM!O’Shea is a 24 year old rapper/actor, born in Compton, California. He is the son of the infamous Ice Cube (anyone with eyes can see the resemblance)!O’Shea has an ongoing rap career, however his recent claim to fame is due to the release of Straight Outta Compton. His portrayal of his father, Ice Cube, blew the audience away! Not to mention his good looks!Hopefully we’ll be seeing more of this handsome face on the big screen! HCxo! My name is Sameena! I am a criminal justice major at Valdosta State University! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!If you were one of the many movie-goers who saw "Straight Outta Compton" and really enjoyed it, you're in for a treat.On Tuesday, November 17th, director of "Straight Outta Compton" Gary Gray will be at IUP to discuss the movie and offer a free showing. This event will be held in Fisher Auditorium. Doors open at 5:00pm and you must have a ticket to attend (tickets are available at the HUB box office).If you are really into movies or are a Communications Media major, you should definitely look into going to this event. First off, it's FREE (every college student's favorite word) and that is something you don't hear very often. Secondly, you will be able to listen to a director of a major film talk about what went into making his successful movie. "Straight Outta Compton" has officially become the highest grossing film directed by an African American director, showing how successful and inspiring Gary Gray has become in the film industry.This is a great opportunity for Communications Media majors. If you are undecided or considering going into the film and video side of media, this is a wonderful chance for you to hear what goes on behind the scenes and the making of a professional film. Hearing about a film from a personal view and hearing from someone with experience is a great way to learn about the film industry.This is an opportunity you can't pass up. It's free, and when are you ever going to be able to meet the director of a major film again? Mark you calendars for a free showing of "Straight Outta Compton" on Tuesday, November 17th and enjoy hearing about the film from the director, Gary Gray. My name is Carolanne. I am a sophomore at IUP with a major in communications media. I enjoy writing and would love to work for a major magazine someday. When I am not busy with school, I enjoy doing artwork and spending time with my family, friends, and fiancé. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!It’s a crazy time of year for Wildcats. Teachers are piling on final exams, essays, and projects before it’s time to head back home for winter break, and all of that work equals a lot of stress. We all need a break sometimes and what’s better than relaxing while watching a great movie? Come down to the Gallagher Theater on Thursday November 19th and Sunday November 22nd, at either 5:00 or 8:00 PM, for the showing of “Straight Outta Compton”. The theater is located on campus in the Student Union by the food court. Tickets, popcorn, candy, and soda go on sale an hour before the show starts!   The movie’s story line follows the rise of the hip hop group N.W.A., its members including Ice Cube, Dr. Dre, Eazy-E, DJ Yella, MC Ren, and their manager Jerry Heller, in Compton, California during the 1980’s. The group is said to have revolutionized the music industry, especially the hip-hop genre, gaining fame and fortune along the way.Christian Noli, a freshman at the U of A studying business, saw the film when it first was released and says that it “perfectly captures what life was like for African Americans living in Compton at this time,” He also adds that it depicted very well the “negativity that hip-hop as a genre faced”.So if you need a break from the stress of school, are looking for something fun to do with friends, or just want to unwind, come down to the Gallagher Theater on Thursday and check out what critic Peter Travers of the Rolling Stone is calling, “an electrifying piece of hip-hop history that speaks urgently to right now.” Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Grab some friends and head to this week's Berks Movie Night at the Reading Imax Theater! Check out the movies/movie times below!    Bree McKenney is a senior Professional Writing major at Penn State Berks. She is the Campus Correspondent for the Her Campus chapter at Berks and she's also involved in the Blue&White Society. In addition to that, she is currently an RA, Peer Mentor, Multicultural Mentor, and a S.A.I.L. Mentor. She loves fashion and has been writing style blogs for Her Campus for a year now.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Name: Cooper Harding RichmondAge: 19Year: SophomoreMajor: BFA Graphic Design, Minor in Leadership StudiesAffiliation: FIJIHometown: Little Compton, Rhode IslandRelationship Status: Single  Favorite Food: Thai foodAny Hobbies?: Down to beach, paint and hang.Celebrity Crush: Lauren Conrad.Do you prefer your hair long or short?: Long flow always.Where is your favorite place to go away from home?: Stowe, Vermont. It’s a nice small town in the mountains with hiking in the summer and skiing in the winter.What qualities do you look for in a significant other, and what characteristics bother you?: Three characteristics I look for are knowledge, confidence and compassion. The main characteristics that bother me are stubbornness and selfishness.Favorite thing about Chapman: My favorite thing about Chapman is the fireplace in AF. Its super nice on all those cold days we never have.Biggest pet peeve you have: Littering!Guilty Pleasure: I dabble with yoga on occasion.Something people don’t know about you: Straight outta Little Compton! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!