The Walmart Museum presents a look back on Walmart responding to disasters with an emphasis on Hurricane Katrina and how it sparked a change in serving communities when help is needed most. Tiffany Ward, a Junior at the University of Arkansas, joined the Her Campus Arkansas team in 2013 and now serves as the chapter President. Along with being an English major, Tiffany has a minor in Legal Studies and Pre-Law emphasis. Tiffany is a loyal member of Alpha Omicron Pi. Tiffany loves to write articles that provide advice and fun to her readers. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!I’m back again with another way for you to save money for the rest of your college career, as well as your life (as long as Walmart sticks around, but what are the chances it won’t?). If I fail to properly describe to you the benefits of downloading Walmart’s app, I’ve failed myself as both a Walmart employee and persuasive writer. Dr. Snyder will be so disappointed.  The Walmart app has a handful of features to help you out in your shopping endeavors. The first, and biggest, is Savings Catcher, which is directly linked on the main page. Sign up with an e-mail address that you actually use. Once you do this, you basically earn a free Walmart gift card. Every time you shop, you scan your receipt into your phone. A lot of people will do this before they even leave the register, so that they don’t forget. The app will then scan posted ads from competing stores in the area and, if they find a lower advertised price, will credit the difference back to you on an e-gift card that, when you tell it to, will be e-mailed to you. When you’re ready to use it towards a purchase, it can be done online or by showing the cashier your e-mailed barcode before paying. In addition to being a quick way to earn money back, this part of the app also stores your receipts. If you lose your original, you’ll have the digital right there in your pocket!Another way to help you plan out your weekly shopping is to use store-specific ads. Walmart now offers your preffered store’s ad right in the app, without the need to trek to the store, get a subscription, or waste paper. You can also see what the current rollbacks are and shop the website, both from the main page.  A final couple of ways that Walmart helps you to save money is through their price matching and competitor coupon policies. These aren’t through their app, but in stores. If another store has something you need on sale, you can bring the ad in with you and get all of your shopping done in one place. Just tell the cashier what you’d like to price match before they ring it up and show her your ads! If you have coupons from competing stores, you can also use those. Just be aware that wholesale clubs are not considered competitors and their coupons will not be accepted!Happy shopping, Smart Savers!  A 22-year-old Senior Biology major, Writing & Communcations minor with an appreciation for the following: emergency medicine, lipstick, the suburban mother wine culture, commas, musical theatre, and all things Taylor Swift. I'm incredibly proud to be Senior Editor of, and writer and social media manager for, a Gold level chapter, and to be advising eight others.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Look out! There is a new Walmart in town. Here is the new Walmart, which is located right off of fair road. To be exact, the address is 349 Brampton Ave, Statesboro, Georgia 30458. This Walmart has everything you might need at the drop of a dime, and it is very convenient for shoppers who may want to go pick up a few food items without going out of their way to the Supercenter Walmart. If you are looking for other items, such as health&beauty, bedding, and other household items, you may have to travel to our other Walmart location every now and then, but if you are looking for great food, and great prices, this is the place for you. So if you haven't already visited this location, come on out and see what this new Walmart has to offer.Not to mention this Walmart Neighborhood Market also in equipped with a gas station. So if ever you believe that other gas stations are out of budget or too highly priced. Take a trip to Walmart and see how they stack up. There are somewhat shorter lines here also. Although maybe not a huge change to the Statesboro community, it is surely a step in the right direction to giving us a competitive consumer edge.  Hello my name is Francesca:)
25 years young, Senior,
Macon, GA is home for me,
Co-host at 9.19 The Buzz
My hobbies are reading, writing, singing, MMA(Mixed Martial Arts), music, talking and sleeping(my favorite!)
Oan I'm in love with Jesus and Wine! (don't Judge me haha) Hi! I am Ayanna and I am the Editor-in-Chief of Her Campus Georgia Southern. I am a junior Public Relations major with a minor in Marketing. I hope to one day pursue a career in the sports and entertainment field of public relations!Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Whether it’s a boutique or department store, we all have a favorite place to shop. But according to InfoScout, a company that measures Americans’ shopping patterns, people 24 and under prefer to shop at Walmart over Target, Whole Foods and Trader Joe’s.This might come as a surprise to most of us, including Stephen Quinn, Walmart’s Chief Marketing Officer. “That kind of shocks a lot of people, including inside the company,” he told Ad Age. “As millennials become time-crunched with relationships and kids coming along, it’s opening up a strong need for them to have a one-stop shop.”Previous to this new data, the general perception was that young people preferred smaller, niche brands and stores. But Jill Ramsey, VP-merchandising for Walmart.com, attributed Walmart’s success to its website and mobile investments. “We know our online customer skews younger,” she said. “We’re learning what assortment appeals to that customer.”Additionally, Walmart in particular might hold some sentimental value to millennials, since we’re the first generation to grow up with it as a leading retailer. “It could be [millenials’] Baby Boomer parents dragged them to Walmart so much it feels a bit like home,” Quinn said.InfoScout also shows that people ages 25-34 prefer Walmart to Whole Foods and Trader Joe’s, only beaten out by Target. Whether millennials want the convenience of a one-stop shop or like to save money, it seems like they’ll choose Walmart more often than not.Kasia (pronounced "Kasha") recently graduated from Villanova University where she studied Communication. She's a self-proclaimed Pinterest enthusiast, aspiring writer, avid reader, and constant smiler. Besides writing for HC, you can find her practicing yoga or curling up with a book at a coffee shop. She plans to pursue a career in public relations or journalism, where she can live in a city and decorate her own apartment. Follow her on Twitter or check out her blog!Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!The holiday season is in full swing and it’s the perfect time to be festive. Whether you’re in a pinch for an Ugly Sweater-themed party or you’re like me and would wear Christmas sweaters year round, these stores will hook you up. The Christmas Tree shop doesn’t sell online, but if there’s one located near you, you already know that it’s one of the best places to buy holiday items. Look to see if there’s one near you! Amazon has a huge selection of sweaters for both men and women, and the free two day shipping for Prime users is perfect for last minute decisions!It might seem surprising, but big stores like Walmart and Target have really cheap, festive options! Check out your local Walmart or Target to find some festive goodies. Primark is a British franchise, but one recently opened up right next to the Downtown Crossing T stop! Take the red line to grab some amazing sweaters. This is where my friends and I got ours (and we were obviously the most festive at the party).This website has some of the craziest sweaters I’ve seen. They’re perfect for any party and you’re surely going to be the best dressed! These are just a few suggestions to help you find the best and most ridiculous sweaters for this holiday season! Already have an Ugly Christmas Sweater but you're still struggling with gift ideas? Check out this article! Freshman hailing from New Hampshire. Interests include giraffes, mac-and-cheese, the beach and netflix (obviously).Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Remember when Black Friday was actually on Friday?Yeah, hard to recall, isn't it.I just watched a J.C. Penney commercial that boasted of its stores opening at 3pm on Thursday.I’m not sure what everyone else’s tradition are, but in my family, we’re eating Thanksgiving dinner at 3pm. We’re having family time at 3pm. We’re not thinking of running into Walmart or Target or Macy’s to get the lowest price on a new TV. I don’t know what other families do on Thanksgiving, but I do know that 3pm on Thanksgiving Day is not a time to be searching for deals.In 2010, the only major retailer  that opened on Thanksgiving Day was Toys R US (at 10 p.m.),  and the next early-birds to follow opened at midnight on Black Friday.But then, in 2011 Target decided to open at 11 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day, and the frenzy began.Walmart, Target, Macy’s, Kohl’s, Best Buy, and more all decided to push their hours to midnight on Black Friday in an attempt to clinch the consumer dollar on this special new “holiday.”But how did we let this slip away from us? We saw this coming. As soon as a superstore like Target decides to open on Thanksgiving Day, things get real. Everyone is going to follow. And they sure did.2012: Kmart, Walgreens, Michaels’, Walmart, Sears, Toys R Us, and—your greatest friend—Target all opened their doors Thanksgiving Day.And now, as we fast forward to Black Friday 2015, it’s dead. Kmart, Walgreens, Michaels’, Walmart, Sears, Toys R Us, and Target all have hours on Thanksgiving Day. The earliest begins at 6am, and the latest is 6pm—on Thursday. And that’s not even including the multitude of other stores who’ve decided to join the Thanksgiving craze.How can this be okay? How can these retailers steal Thanksgiving from us? We subscribe to this idea that the best deal is the happiest deal, but is getting that low price really worth giving up treasured family time? No. It’s not.But the big corporations like Target and Walmart are trying to convince us it is.I’m not going to tell you to stop Black Friday shopping. I’ve been before, and I love it. But Thursday night is too soon.Let Thanksgiving remain a day to remember what we’re grateful for and a time to be with family and friends. Don’t let the need for material things spoil that. Rachael is a sophomore and communications major at Cal Lutheran. Originally from San Diego, she enjoys warm winters, competitive swimming, and adventurous beach days. This is Rachael's second semester writing Features and Campus Cutie for the Her Campus team after working as Copy Editor, Back Page Editor, and Editor-in-Chief on her High School's print and online newspaper. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Nail art is fun for holidays too! This is an example of a fourth of July theme. You stick with your reds, whites, and blues, while using your toothpick once again to make the design! If you do not like to take so much time, you could also find some fun nail stickers at your local Walmart or CVS.Jacket: WalmartSunglasses: Thrift Store in Orlando called DechoesFlannel Shirt: Salvation ArmyBlack Spaghetti Strap Top: WalmartNecklace: AmazonJeans: Pac SunDr. Martens: Journeys Current senior in the School of Communications, chia seed enthusiast, and aspiring television writer. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Deck the halls with cute, low priced DIY garlands.  1. Pine Cone GarlandsWhere can one get pinecones in bulk without going out in the cold, searching through the woods? Walmart, of course.  2. Leaves for FallMuch cheaper than the leaf garlands found at paper source on Lamar. Cuter, too. 3. Acorns Over the Mantel Perfect for the transition from Fall to Winter. 4. Draped Fabric SquaresThis could work for any time of year, depending what colors you use. For thanksgiving, we recommend the classics; orange, brown and yellow. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!We all know winter break is a lot of fun, and definitely well needed, but after a month of being home, I think we're all pretty excited to get back to school.  Here are eight reasons why we're happy to be back: 1. Escaping all of the questions that were getting harder and harder to answer.How are your grades? Do you have a boyfriend? What are you doing after college? 2. Not having to explain every detail to your parents before you go out was getting brutal.Who’s going? Who’s driving? Will there be drinking? When will you be home? Will you text me when you get there? 3. Getting to dress up again after a month of not caring about what you look like in public in your hometown.Yes, I am going to Wal-Mart in my pajamas because who am I trying to impress here at home? Finally back to cute outfits and "dressing to impress." 4. “Saga sitting” begins again.Sure sitting at home must be fun, but it doesn’t compare to sitting in saga for 2 hours while procratinating all responsibilities (and then failing your test just a few hours later). 5. Returning to a routine.Finally back to a weekly schedule, and no more scrambling to figure out your plans for the day. 6. All new classes. Hopefully your schedule will be different than last semester, and you’ll have all new (hopefully interesting) classes. 7. Everything will be right around you again. No more driving to dinner, the gym, or the post office, because now its all within walking distance again in our little "Siena bubble." 8. You’re back with your best friends again.Finally the late night facetime calls, the non-stop texting, and the 6-hour drives to see them are over. You’re all back together again living in the same building (or same room) and it cant get any better than that. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!