The website that you're trying to reach is having technical difficulties and is currently unavailable.We are aware of the issue and are working hard to fix it. Thank you for your patience.Where: Gibbie's Pub & Eatery (368 High Street, Morgantown, W.Va.)No cover charge - Eat, drink and listen to amateur comedians. Want to try stand-up? Here's your chance. If you would like to perform, send an e-mail to Sally Brooks at sallybrookscomedy@yahoo.com.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!The website that you're trying to reach is having technical difficulties and is currently unavailable.We are aware of the issue and are working hard to fix it. Thank you for your patience.The Gentlemen of the Mu Kappa Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity Inc. and the Ladies of Lambda Theta Alpha Latin Sorority Inc present their "Second Annual Red Cross Blood Drive" from 10 a.m.-3 p.m. Monday, Nov. 14, in the UU-Mandela Room. Come out and help save another persons life! To sign up, e-mail them at either MostdappaMK@gmail.com or EpsilonOmicronLTA_BU@yahoo.com Check out the Facebook event here: http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=137220343050659Raven Rivera is a senior at Binghamton University majoring in English and Rhetoric with a minor in Theatre. After living on Long Island all her life, she made the move to upstate NY and is enjoying the snowy weather. At Binghamton, Raven is the president and editor-in-chief of the newly SA-chartered publication, Her Campus Binghamton. In her spare time she enjoys watching entirely too much television, romantic comedies and Disney movies, and preparing for her American Idol auditions one day. She is currently an editorial intern for iaam.com and in the future, hopes to move to NYC and be a head writer/executive producer of an awesome television show on ABC, NBC, FOX, or Bravo (really, any will do).Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Cara Sprunk has been the Managing Editor of Her Campus since fall 2009. She is a 2010 graduate of Cornell University where she majored in American Studies with a concentration in cultural studies. At Cornell Cara served as the Assistant Editor of Red Letter Daze, the weekend supplement to the Cornell Daily Sun where she also wrote for the news and arts section and blogged about pop culture. In her free time Cara enjoys reading, shopping, going to the movies, exploring and writing. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!The musician glittered in this gorgeous green gown in May.Source: DailyMailInterested in becoming an RA at Cal Lutheran?What is an RA?So, how do you become one?At Cal Lutheran, you must attend one of the four sessions to apply. These sessions are 45 minutes long and very important. Here are the times of the meetings: For more information visit : https://www.callutheran.edu/students/residence-life/resident-assistantsOr E-mail: ahanson@callutheran.edu As a freshman at California Lutheran, I am studying Education in the pursuit of becoming a elementary school teacher. I grew up in Arizona (beardown), but found myself going to school in California. I love spending time with family and friends. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!The actress was glowing in October as she arrived to the set of The View.Source: DailyMailThe Jane the Virgin actress was glowing in this adorable outfit in October.Source: DailyMailOur childhood favorite looked ravishing in this yellow fringe crop top in June.Source: DailyMail