Over the last ten years, YouTube has evolved into much more than a video platform on the Internet. It has become one of the most well-recognized social sites around, giving rise to everyday people with cameras—and even elevating a few to the status of minor celebrities.This period of growth for YouTube has also led to an increase in the amount of female YouTubers of all ages taking to computer screens and sharing their messages with the cyber world. Most of these female video bloggers—vloggers—got to where they are today by sharing tips about make up, hair and beauty routines. These beauty vloggers have, unfortunately, created a reputation for women on YouTube, making it difficult to discover female YouTubers whose content focuses on more.As fantastic as it is to find beauty gurus on YouTube (because who doesn’t need a good hair tutorial every now and then?), it’s also great to find some female YouTubers who discuss topics other than the best brand of eye shadow to buy.Social media platforms of all kinds have a huge influence on their users. YouTube, in particular, isn’t just words on a screen. There is a face, a personality and a baseline theme or message established for every YouTuber—making their presence on the screen all the more meaningful.For anyone who is like me and spends a significant portion of their free time on YouTube, I have compiled a list of inspiring YouTube ladies who cover a variety of topics on their channels and inspire Internet users of all ages. Check them out, and find out what other tips and advice the women of YouTube have to share.At over six-hundred thousand subscribers, one of my favorite YouTubers is Carrie Hope Fletcher, also known as ItsWayPastMyBedtime. Fletcher is a 23-year-old singer, songwriter and actress—currently playing Éponine in London’s Queen’s Theatre production of Les Misérables since 2013. Not only does Fletcher act, she obsesses over all things Disney and even does ukulele covers of her favorite Disney songs. Having declared herself as the “honorary big sister” of all her subscribers, Fletcher uses her channel to discuss topics such as creativity and self-care. She also focuses on the importance of self-acceptance and self-confidence. Fletcher has even written a book called All I Know Now, in which she shares experiences from her life and gives advice to those younger than her in case they ever find themselves in similar situations. So if you need a smile or a new virtual best friend, check out Carrie’s channel! Check out Carrie's Am I Qualified to be Creative? video below!For anyone who’s spent some time on YouTube, you’ve probably heard of Superwoman, also known as Lilly Singh. Singh is an Indian-Canadian vlogger who creates comedic sketches—often portraying her Indian culture—about events in her everyday life. Apart from vlogging, Singh is also a motivational-speaker and rapper. At over 7.5 million subscribers, Singh even announced in her most recent video that her presence on YouTube has earned her a spot on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon. Check out Lilly's How Girls Get Ready... video below!Originally known as DailyGrace, Grace Helbig is a 30-year-old American actress and comedian known for her sarcastic sense of humor and unique videos. Helbig describes herself as a “charming idiot,” making humorous DIY, cooking and challenge videos with her many YouTube friends. Helbig has even starred in the movie Camp Takota (2014) alongside fellow comedians and YouTubers Hannah Hart and Mamrie Hart. Helbig’s success online even led to the start of her own late-night talk show, The Grace Helbig Show, on E!. Helbig’s channel is definitely worth checking out, especially this video on the best 5 Prom Outfit Ideas!With almost 1.5 million YouTube subscribers, Laci Green is a 26-year-old American YouTube star primarily known for her videos about sex, sexual health, and feminism. As a self-proclaimed sex-education activist, Green has visited several universities and given many talks about sex-education, looking to advance the sex-positive movement. Green says it is her goal to decrease the social stigma around sex and educate people so they can speak about sex in a manner that is not “shameful, awkward, or weird.” If you want to join Laci in becoming more educated about sex, check out her channel! Check out Laci's WHY I'M A...FEMINIST *gasp* video below!Also known by her YouTube username as communitychannel, Natalie Tran is a 29-year-old Australian-Vietnamese vlogger and sketch-comedian with over 1.5 million subscribers. Tran started her channel nine years ago and has since inspired multiple famous YouTubers--like danisnotonfire--to begin vlogging. Tran's videos focus primarily on stories from her everyday life--often illustrated through skits and the use of self-deprecating humor. Though Tran is most well-known for her humor videos, some of her other videos address more serious topics such as depression, racism and national identity. Recognized as one of YouTube's most popular content creators, Tran is sure to make you smile. Check out Natalie's B Left the Door Open video below!Known on YouTube as MyHarto, Hannah Hart is 29-year-old YouTube comedian with almost 2.5 million subscribers. Hart starred alongside friends Grace Helbig and Mamrie Hart—no relation—in their 2014 movie Camp Takota. Hart is a beloved YouTuber known for her segment My Drunk Kitchen, in which she gets drunk and films herself making unique dishes, like grilled cheese without any cheese. Hart is also openly lesbian - dating fellow YouTuber Ingrid Nilsen - and has made videos discussing the topic of sexuality and acceptance. The hilarious YouTuber is also known for her collaborations with her friends and fellow online personalities such as Tyler Oakley. So if strange recipes and drunken humor are your cup of tea then stop by Hart’s channel for a laugh. Check out Hannah's MY DRUNK KITCHEN: Nutella Popcorn! video below!Last but not least, Anna Akana is a 26-year-old Asian-American filmmaker and comedian with 1.3 million subscribers. Having started her YouTube channel after her 13-year-old sister committed suicide, Akana turned to comedy as a positive outlet to help her move on with her life. This source of inspiration still shows in Akana’s more serious videos about panic attacks, toxic friendships, and public anxiety. The majority of Akana’s videos, however, involve satirical sketches and monologues poking fun at everyday issues—including healthy relationships and losing friends—while also giving advice on how to handle various situations. If you’re looking for a positive YouTuber with a message to share, check out Anna Akana’s channel! Check out Anna's Single, Not Ready to Mingle video below! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!(Photo credit: graciefrancesca.com)Fashion blogger Gracie rose to internet stardom after her YouTube channel Ugly Face of Beauty and her blog hit it big, having won multiple awards. Gracie is also a model and TV presenter, but is best known for being an online fashion guru. As well as focusing on her individual style, Gracie often discusses body image, mental health and self love. FOLLOW: https://www.instagram.com/gracefvictory/?hl=enI am always so excited when I get to unbox one of our #HCSurvivalKits! This month, Her Campus nationals and some of our awesome sponsors sent a bunch of goodies that would make great gifts. In honor of the launch of our new YouTube channel, I wanted to give everyone a sneak peek of what was inside!Make sure to follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube for updates on giveaways (*hint* one is coming during finals week)!Maddie is a senior Marketing major at UCF. When she's not writing for Her Campus or her personal blog, you can find her hanging out at Fashion Club or in OSI working on the Mr. and Miss UCF shows. Despite popular belief, Maddie isn't actually the tallest girl in the world. If you're wondering where you've seen her before, it was most likely at a #UCFBusiness event. Maddie enjoys loud pop music, scented candles, and any food with sprinkles on top. She often discusses the SNL cast as if it is a sports team, and likes to pretend that this is endearing. Follow Maddie on Instagram and Twitter! Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus! As the 2016 midterm season begins (*insert the Star Wars Imperial March here*) so do the late nights and headaches. Don’t let the midterms blues get you down — the key to studying well is maintaining your focus for long periods of time, and music is a great way to help overlook distractions and keep yourself motivated! Let HerCampus get you into the optimal studying mood with these ten tracks. 1.     Baby - Ariel’s Pink Haunted Graffiti Hear it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3utvDLTynYAlthough certainly an eclectic choice, singer-songwriter Ariel Pink’s “Baby” is the perfect segway into the studying mentality. 2.     Rumour Mill (Feat. Anne-Marie & Will Heard) - Rudimental    Hear it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1IVP8R8jTsEnglish band Rudimental’s “Rumour Mill” straddles the perfect line between tantalizing bass and easy listening, and Anne-Marie’s vocals will delight every Major from Classic’s to Med Sci! 3.     Hunger Of The Pine - Alt-JHear it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dCCXq9QB-dQMiley Cyrus may not have made our criteria for study music but clearly she stood out to Alt-J, who samples her “4x4” song in this enigmatic track. 4.  Constant Conversations - Passion PitHere it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBLuWKnKIn0This indietronica band released “Constant Conversations” in their Top 10 Album Gossamer, making it a fitting choice on our ’10 Tunes’ list. 5.  My Love - Route 94 (Feat. Jess Glynne)Hear it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BS46C2z5lVEClearly a man of many talents, DJ Route 94 clearly brings what Club Weldon is missing and works with fellow rising star Jess Glynne to make “My Love” a vocally compelling library jam. 6.  Finally Moving - Pretty LightsHear it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sk9XYQMRiLY“Finally Moving” is an absolute for studying, with its organic beats and samples of everything from hip-hop to vintage funk, your eardrums will thank you. 7.  No Diggity - Chet FakerHear it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1JsBhRCRH0Hailing from Australia, Faker is well known for his cover of Blackstreet’s “No Diggity” and intimate vocal style. This song is a favourable tune for students who want to get real intimate with their Calc notes. 8.  Child's Play (Feat. Chance the Rapper) - SZAHear it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNqL8X-VzG8The simply unraveling Solana Rowe creates the perfect minimalist vibe, and provides plenty of Shakespeare references to supplement studying for any and all in Arts and Humanities. 9.  Islands - Young the GiantHear it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Q7QkZRaSuIAlternative American band Young the Giant are no stranger to fame, but their lesser known track “Islands” is the otherworldly sound thats been missing from your iTunes. For more surprising additions to your study playlist check out their In The Open sessions. 10. Crystallised - The XXHear it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pib8eYDSFEIThe XX are capable of bringing Top 40 and Indie fans together with their music, so sit back, wipe away those exam grind tears and prepare to be overwhelmed with this trio’s unique flair (and the amount of essays you still have left to write). Bonus: Instrumental Tracks for Low-Key Academics For those students who can’t abide classical for studying but get easily distracted, here are some subtle sounds to keep you immersed. 1.     AirplaneShadows - Kiln Hear it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTEJ_PWgN68&list=PL3FC1CAD113196D15&index=4 2. Gold Panda - 5th AvenusHear it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRLreGvjC4c 3. Saltwater (Rework) Nora En PureHear it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyiX49gsebs  Stefanie is majoring in English Literature & MIT, spending much of her time at the University of Western Ontario acquiring her tastes for the finer things in life, such as high-end cosmetics & everything chocolate. A strong advocate for animal rights, she is happiest surrounded by her furry friends. For your weekly dose of sass & eloquence follow her on Instagram @s_karasavidis Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!In a YouTube video titled '#labels,' a senior at Millbrook High School in Virginia, Lauren Brocious, puts her best face forward in a brave effort to stop labels once and for all. Lauren is not new to the YouTube game. Because of the bullying Lauren says she has dealt with since the eighth grade, she's been working on a YouTube channel dedicated to helping other teens through their daily life struggles. Lauren has aspirations to be "one of the best news anchors the world has ever seen," and through '#Labels', it is clear that Lauren knows how to move an audience.The video shows Lauren in a YouTube beauty vlogger's natural habitat; in her bedroom, in front of a camera, looking as if she is ready to treat us to one of the makeup tutorials we all love to watch. Things take a turn and display an emotional transformation rather than a physical one when Lauren begins to write words such as "ugly," "fat" and "stupid" on her face. Lauren takes her experiences with bullies and gives the world wisdom far beyond her years in this inspiring viral video. Check it out below!Wiping herself clean of the hateful words and replacing them with kinder, more self-loving words is Lauren's way of showing people how to rise above the bullying. There is no age limit on these issues; you are never too old to be bullied and never too young to be wise enough to let bullies know their hate won't be accepted in your life anymore. Lauren deserves a round of applause for sharing her struggle with the world and letting others know they are not alone. Naomi is a third-year student of journalism at Springfield College in Massachusetts. She is a self-proclaimed fashionista and professional One Direction fangirl. Lover of Instagram,  brunch and Instagramming brunch. Follow her on Instagram (@nomiaw) and on Twitter! (@naomiawilson) Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Yeah, that's right. This article is called, "Funky Christmas Jams." You could call that corny. Or you could call that FUNKY.While the smooth vocals of Bing Crosby crooning about chesnuts roasting on an open fire will always be a Christmastime must, Santa's got a brand new bag and it's time to switch up your holiday playlist. You'll be a Yule-soul brother in no time. Hi there! My name is Gabrielle, and I'm the Editor/ Campus Correspondent for the Syracuse chapter of Her Campus! I am a sophomore Television, Radio, and Film major in the S.I. Newhouse School of Public Communications. I like traveling, cinematic classics, show tunes, long walks on the beach, chocolate, chocolate on the beach, and anything pink. Go 'Cuse! HCXO <3 :) Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!YouTube is a rising phenomenon that has encompassed our generation for the past few years. Those who gain a relatively large following, or YouTubers, are gaining popularity and a voice in many aspects such as the advertising world. Watching their videos can serve as a nice getaway from the stress of school, even if only for a moment. Here are a few YouTubers who shine brightly.For those of you who love a makeup guru, Carli Bybel is one you should check out! Starting every video with an inspirational quote, Carli captures the audience with her sweet personality. Also, the experience Carli has gained over the years is shown through her videos and she is able to provide a range of looks, from simple to dramatic.Louise, a single mother of one, does not capture the stereotypical “boring mom.” Her boisterous daughter, Darcy, has been showcased on her channel since birth. Louise’s channel consists of vlogs, where she shows what she's up to for the day, she showcases her beauty and fashion, and features the various traveling she does.Niomi is one of the best, by personal opinion, promoters of a healthy lifestyle on YouTube. She takes the subtle approach by including videos on topics such as: what she eats in a day, healthy food hauls, and tips to destress. Her calm demeanor is a nice way to bring your day to a close if you enjoy watching a video before going to bed.Joining YouTube in 2012, this channel consists of Hannah, Stef and their son, Grayson. They upload weekly vlogs that condense their week into about half hour segments. Hannah also enjoys posting beauty and lifestyle related videos on their channel. Their unique personalities showcase their lives in London with their adorable son. Gabrielle Oates is a sophomore at Boston University. Originally from Los Angeles, she enjoys traveling and hopes to journey around the globe and expand her world view. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!This young artist might be new to the music scene but her vocals are timeless. 19 year old YouTube Sensation and now Def Jam signee, Alessia Cara has certainly carved her way onto the charts with her new hit single, “Here”- A song describing her wallflower tendencies at a party she’d honestly rather not be at. With a soulful twist, Cara explains her experience of what it feels like being trapped in a room filled with small talk and superficial socialites. Cara isn’t afraid to shy away from the truth in her music, which has attracted many of her fans.The Canadian RnB singer’s raw talent and Amy Winehouse- like similarities are refreshing and nothing short of an open-book. At 14, she began recording her music on YouTube and built her following. From there Cara established her name and began recording tracks with Universal Music Group, EP."Here" initially appeared on Cara's Four Pink Walls EP, released in August, but will also launch her debut album, Know-It-All, co-produced and written by Motown-affiliated songwriter Sebastian Kole, and features production by Pop & Oak (Nicki Minaj, Usher) and Frank Ocean. Cara is definitely taking her career to new heights.Make sure you check out her new projects!Kennedy Brooks is a Sophomore Strategic Communications major from Sacramento, California. She enjoys listening to music, chilling on the beach, and eating Thai food. She wants to pursue a career in Public Relations and Marketing with an emphasis in the music industry. Eventually, she hopes to travel the world and embark on new journeys that come her way. A quote that she lives by is, "Consider becoming the type of energy that no matter where you go, or where you are, you always add value to the spaces and lives of those around you."Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!YouTube has been part of my daily routine since 7th grade. Hate to brag but I subscribed to Zoella when she had a mere 17,000 subscribers. However, since I am no longer a lip gloss-wearing, kaki-sporting  pre-teen, my taste in tubers has changed. Below I listed some of my personal favorites that deserve a ton of love. Rachel Nguyen (That’s Chic)A fashion blogger based in Los Angeles who is the epitome of effortlessly cool. The Creator ClassA channel dedicated to showcasing various creators from musicians to photographers as well as various camera how-to’s.Sammi QuinnA college freshman at FIT that makes me wish I spent my first year at college in the Big Apple. She is mainly a fashion blogger but makes the occasional miscellaneous video.Alli CherryA natural lifestyle vlogger revamping an old motor home (goals!!)BroadlyA sub-channel of Vice focusing on women’s interests around the world.Alyssa LauSome of the most beautiful and creative videos I’ve seen in a while, a shoe collection never looked so cool.Hannah EleanorA local blogger! She’s a jewelry designer based in Austin with the cutest dog and a beautiful tiny home!JuJuSquadAn inspiring filmmaker reminiscent of Petra Collins, mainly fashion videos with a vlog here and there.Kastor and PolluxA fashion duo based in Canada, very creative and funny gals with videos to match.The Off Camera Show with Sam JonesConversations with various celebrities from Aubrey Plaza to Joseph Gordon-Levitt. What sets him apart is how beautiful his interviews are filmed and his questions that show another side of the artist.Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!Nicole GuerrieroNicole Guerriero is a sassy and gorgeous Italian beauty YouTuber who has been on youtube for five plus years. Her videos consist of makeup tutorials, beauty favorites, Get Ready with Me’s (GRWM), Vlogs, and from time to time Q and A’s. Nicole has a hefty number of 2,439,143 (and counting) subscribers on YouTube. Her videos are always thorough, telling you exactly how to slay like she does and you're guaranteed to laugh at her silliness. You’re also sure to see cameo or two from her babies, Manny and Orange - her two cats.Jayla KoriyanJayla Koriyan is the college girl we are all inspiring to be. The level headed twenty-one year old is a student at FIT in New York studying fashion merchadising. Her videos consist of makeup tutorials, beauty and fashion hauls, GRWM’s, and Lookbooks. Jayla also as a separate channel for all 204,064 (and counting) of her subcribers to watch her vlogs. Jayla Koriyan is the perfect YouTuber to watch if you like a bubbly personality and very girly makeup tutorials. Alyssa ForeverAlyssa Forever, the Nike queen herself. Alyssa is a new comer when it comes to living in Los Angeles, California but not to YouTube. The YouTuber has been making videos for her 589,861 (and counting) subscribers for two plus years now. Her videos consist of makeup tutorials, hair tutorials, first impressions of products, and vlogs. Alyssa is the first to rock a wing that looks too real to be true and slide her feet into her Nike slides. LustreLuxLustreLux is the dirty blonde who recently just walked into my YouTube life, but she is no stranger to YouTube. LustreLux is the quirky friend everyone wants; her humor is a big part of all of her videos. All 1,255,821 (and counting) of her subscribers would agree too. Her videos consist of makeup tutorials, hair tutorials, fashion hauls, and first impressions of products. This tartelette queen is a gorgeous bright light on my computer screen (or my i-Phone 6 screen) that I never want to lose. Carli BybelYour soon-to-be favorite beauty guru (and penguin lover) is waiting for you! Carli Bybel, a positive, brunette bombshell who resides in New Jersey, is one of the many blessings that are on YouTube. Her videos consist of makeup tutorials, hair tutorials, beauty favorites, surprise vlogs, and tips on how to successfully accomplish all those trendy beauty looks you love! The petite twenty-some has an impressive 3,711,088 (and counting) subscribers and she is sure to have you looking even more gorgeous than usual in no time! The best part? Carli's all about positivilty so to keep you positive, you'll find her videos filled with inspiring and body/beauty-positive quote’s.  All five of these women are queens in their own way and the perfect women to have by your side (or in your back pocket) when you’re looking for that perfect look for your next dinner party. Each woman is unique and is sure to meet each of your needs but the thing that brings them together and makes them the same is their love for beauty, their honest approach and their true opinion when it comes to products. These are your five beauty wonder women of YouTube. 19. Montclair ' 18 . New Jersey. I love food, dogs, summer, hair extensions, makeup, and J. Cole. Do you have a way with words? Apply to write for Her Campus!